<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.5.4.8.1.68 IPRangeForBlockEnumerationParameters</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This is the processing done when the EnumInputParameters
contains data of type IPRangeForBlockEnumerationParameters. The ObjectType MUST
be EnumerationObjectType.IPRange. This returns <b>IPRange</b> data for the
address ranges that are mapped to a specified address block.
IPRangeForBlockEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily specifies the address family
used to identify the simple table against which the query processing is done.
If the address family specified is InterNetwork, the EnumOutputData is a
collection of IPv4Range. Otherwise, it consists of a collection of IPv6Range.
The following processing steps are performed.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Get the IPBlock
for which the ranges are requested by calling the procedure GetIPBlockFromTable
in <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b> by passing
IPRangeForBlockEnumerationParameters.ParentBlockRecordId as the <i>Param_id</i>
input parameter and IPRangeForBlockEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily as the <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
input parameter.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the <b>result</b>
is null, that is, the specified ParentBlockRecordId value is not found in the
table, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP
fault</a> MUST be returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows in the ADM_IPRangeTable that have the <b>IPBlockRecordId</b> to be the
ParentBlockRecordId passed as input parameter. If the
IPRangeForBlockEnumerationParameters.AddressAssignment is also specified,
enumerate rows that have the specific AddressAssignment type as well.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>For each row retrieved, get IPRange data by calling the procedure
GetIPRangeFromTable by passing the <b>RecordId</b> as the <i>Param_id</i> input
parameter and IPRangeForBlockEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily as the <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
input parameter. Add the data in <b>result</b> to <b>EnumOutputData</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>