<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.5.4.8.1.19 DhcpScopeAssociatedWithVendorClassesEnumerationParameters</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This is the processing done when the EnumInputParameters
contains data of type
DhcpScopeAssociatedWithVendorClassesEnumerationParameters. The ObjectType MUST
be EnumerationObjectType.DhcpScope. This is used to enumerate all the DHCP
scopes that are present on a specified DHCP server and having an option
specified for a particular vendor class. The
DhcpScopeAssociatedWithVendorClassesEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily is used
to determine the simple table within the <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b> compound
table on which the processing has to be done. The following are the steps
involved in identifying the rows to be returned as a part of the enumeration.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
DhcpScopeAssociatedWithVendorClassesEnumerationParameters.VendorClassRecordIds
is not specified or is an empty collection, EnumOutputData is assigned an empty
collection.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Fetch the DHCP
server against which the scopes having options of the specified vendor classes
are required. This is done by calling the procedure GetDHCPServerFromTable and
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Param_Id
is set to
DhcpScopeAssociatedWithVendorClassesEnumerationParameters.ParentServerRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Param_addressfamily
is assigned the value of DhcpScopeAssociatedWithVendorClassesEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If any of the
entries in the
DhcpScopeAssociatedWithVendorClassesEnumerationParameters.VendorClassRecordIds
is 0, it means the scopes associated with the default vendor class option is
being requested. Perform the following steps to enumerate the rows:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>In this case, enumerate all the scopes in <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b>
whose DHCPServerRecordId is the same as
DhcpScopeAssociatedWithVendorClassesEnumerationParameters.ParentServerRecordId.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Otherwise
perform the following steps to enumerate the rows of interest.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Enumerate the option definitions from Result_server.OptionDefinitions
whose VendorClassRecordId is one of the values in the list
DhcpScopeAssociatedWithVendorClassesEnumerationParameters.VendorClassRecordIds.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each of the enumerated option definitions, enumerate the rows in the
<b>ADM_DhcpOptionsTable</b> whose ScopeRecordId is not null and
OptionDefinitionRecordId is the same as the <b>RecordId</b> of the option
definition that is getting enumerated. This will provide the list of scopes in
the form of <b>RecordId</b> in <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b> that are associated
with the specified vendor class.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Enumerate the scopes with the <b>RecordId</b> in the previously
generated list.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>For each row
enumerated in the <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b>, perform the following steps to
generate the enumerated data.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetScopeFromTable of <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b>
passing the following input parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Param_Id is set to the <b>RecordId</b> of the row being
enumerated.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Param_addressFamily is set to
DhcpScopeAssociatedWithVendorClassesEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Add the Result_scope returned by the procedure to <b>EnumOutputData</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>