<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.16.2.2 GetRootLogicalGroupNodesForLogicalGroup</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure creates the LogicalGroupNode instances for
the root level of the specified logical group. The following input parameter is
used:</p>

<p><b>Param_logicalGroup: </b> This is the <b>RecordId</b>
of the logical group for which the root-level logical group nodes are being
requested.</p>

<p>The following is the output parameter of this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Result_logicalGroupNodes: </b> This is the
collection of LogicalGroupNode instances that form the root-level hierarchy for
the logical group.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<p>The following table specifies the logical group
type, the object type associated, the type of the logical group nodes, and the
address family associated with the logical group type.</p>
</dd>
<dd>
<table>
 <thead>
 <tr>
 <th>
 <p>LogicalGroup Type</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>AddressFamily</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>ObjectType EnumerationObjectType</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>LogicalGroupNode Type</p>
 </th>
 </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv4RangeLogicalGroup</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetwork</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPRange</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPv4RangeLogicalGroupNode</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv6RangeLogicalGroup</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetworkV6</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPRange</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPv6RangeLogicalGroupNode</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IpamIPv4AddressLogicalGroup</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetwork</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPAddress</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IpamIPv4AddressLogicalGroupNode</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IpamIPv6AddressLogicalGroup</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetworkV6</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPAddress</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IpamIPv6AddressLogicalGroupNode</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ActiveServerV4LogicalGroup</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetwork</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfo</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ActiveServerV4LogicalGroupNode</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ActiveServerV6LogicalGroup</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetworkV6</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfo</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ActiveServerV6LogicalGroupNode</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv4SubnetLogicalGroup</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetworkt</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPSubnet</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPv4SubnetLogicalGroupNode</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv6SubnetLogicalGroup</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetworkV6</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPSubnet</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPv6SubnetLogicalGroupNode</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
</table>
</dd></dl>



<p>The following processing steps are performed.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b> that meet the following
criteria.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>CustomFieldId is
equal <i>to Param_logicalGroup.Fields[0].CustomFieldRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>ObjectType is
equal to the ObjectType for the <i>Param_logicalGroup</i> based on the previous
table.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>AddressFamily is
equal to the AddressFamily for the <i>Param_logicalGroup</i> based on the
previous table.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>From the earlier
set of rows, create a unique list of CustomFieldValueId that will form the
basis for creating the LogicalGroupNode.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each unique
CustomFieldValueId enumerated from the previous step, perform the following
steps.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Create a new instance of logical group node based on the type for the
logical group as specified in the previous table. Let this be referred to as
logicalGroupNode.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set logicalGroupNode.AncestorNodes to NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set logicalGroupNode.CustomFieldRecordId to <i>Param_logicalGroup.Fields[0].CustomFieldRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set logicalGroupNode.NodeLevel to <i>Param_logicalGroup.Fields[0].RecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set logicalGroupNode.NodeCustomFieldValueId to the CustomFieldValueId
being iterated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Look up the <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesTable</b> with the <b>RecordId</b>
equal to CustomFieldValueId being iterated. Assign the
CustomFieldValueDetails.Value to logicalGroupNode.NodeValue.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the logicalGroupNode is either IPv4RangeLogicalGroupNode or
IPv6RangeLogicalGroupNode, the logicalGroupNode.UtilizationStatistics will be
set with the utilization statistics for the ranges that form the part of the
logical group. Call the procedure GetUtilizationForLogicalGroupNode passing
logicalGroupNode as <i>Param_logicalGroupNode</i>, AddressFamily as <i>Param_addressfamily</i>.
Assign Result_utilization to logicalGroupNode.UtilizationStatistics.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Add logicalGroupNode to Result_logicalGroupNodes.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_logicalGroupNodes as the output parameter for this procedure. </p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>