<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.155 DhcpServer</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The DhcpServer complex type specifies the common details of
a DHCP server instance.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;DhcpServer&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AccessScopeId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AuditLoggingStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpAuditLoggingStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpDiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsNameProtectionStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpDnsNameProtectionStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsRegistrationCredentialDomainName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsRegistrationCredentialPassword&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:base64Binary&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsRegistrationCredentialUserName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsUpdateType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpDnsUpdateType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsInheritedAccessScope&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;NumberOfActiveLeases&quot; type=&quot;xsd:double&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;NumberOfAvailableAddresses&quot; type=&quot;xsd:double&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;NumberOfScopes&quot; type=&quot;xsd:int&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;OptionDefinitions&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpOptionDefinitionCollection&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Options&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpOptionCollection&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServerRoleInfo&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ServerRoleDhcp&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;UserClasses&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpUserClassCollection&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;VendorClasses&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpVendorClassCollection&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>AccessScopeId: </b> This represents the unique
identifier in IPAM data store of the access scope associated with this
DhcpServer object.</p>

<p><b>AuditLoggingStatus: </b> Specifies whether the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_21b83bd2-9daa-48ff-ab4a-656ee9800b64">audit log</a> functionality of
the DHCP server is enabled or not.</p>

<p><b>DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus: </b> Specifies
the DNS operation to be performed when the address lease expires and the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e6d76b31-2852-4bd5-8fbb-8e82a3cedb29">lease record</a> gets deleted.</p>

<p><b>DnsNameProtectionStatus: </b> Specifies the
setting of DNS name protection at the DHCP server instance level. See <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=125431">[RFC4701]</a> for
information on the name protection.</p>

<p><b>DnsRegistrationCredentialDomainName: </b> Specifies
the domain name of the user credential to be used for DNS registration on the
DHCP server.</p>

<p><b>DnsRegistrationCredentialPassword: </b>Specifies
the password of the user credential to be used for DNS registration on the DHCP
server. </p>

<p><b>DnsRegistrationCredentialUserName: </b> Specifies
the user name of the user credential to be used for DNS registration on the
DHCP server.</p>

<p><b>DnsUpdateType: </b> Specifies the dynamic DNS
registration settings defined on the DHCP server instance.</p>

<p><b>IsInheritedAccessScope</b>: This is a Boolean that
indicates whether this DHCP server has inherited its access scope from its
parent DHCP server.</p>

<p><b>NumberOfActiveLeases: </b> Specifies the total
number of active leases on the DHCP server instance.</p>

<p><b>NumberOfAvailableAddresses: </b> Specifies the
total number of available addresses on the DHCP server instance.</p>

<p><b>NumberOfScopes: </b> Specifies the total number of
scopes that are available on the DHCP server instance.</p>

<p><b>OptionDefinitions: </b> Specifies the list of DHCP
<a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_da9bfcf7-a7e0-4cf0-ac87-ffdd83a5f25b">option definition</a>
instances defined on the DHCP server instance. </p>

<p><b>Options: </b> Specifies the list of DHCP option
defined at the server-level.</p>

<p><b>RecordId: </b> Specifies the unique identifier for
the data in the IPAM data store.</p>

<p><b>ServerRoleInfo: </b> Specifies the role-specific
information for the DHCP server.</p>

<p><b>UserClasses: </b> Specifies the user classes
associated with the DHCP server instance.</p>

<p><b>VendorClasses: </b> Specifies the vendor classes
associated with the DHCP server instance.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>