<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.177 DnsConditionalForwarder</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The DnsConditionalForwarder complex type SHOULD<a id="Appendix_A_Target_12"></a><a href="3b257e05-6300-4286-a090-0f9949d290bf.md#Appendix_A_12" aria-label="Product behavior note 12">&lt;12&gt;</a> specify the properties of a DNS
conditional forwarder. This consists of the properties common to all types of
DNS conditional forwarders.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre>    &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;DnsConditionalForwarder&quot;&gt;
    &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
    &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
    &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
    &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AccessScopeId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
    &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ConditionalForwarderType&quot; type=&quot;ipam1:DnsConditionalForwarderType&quot; /&gt;
    &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DirectoryPartitionName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
    &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsServerId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
    &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ForwarderTimeout&quot; type=&quot;xsd:unsignedInt&quot; /&gt;
    &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsInheritedAccessScope&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
    &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;MasterServers&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:ArrayOfIPAddress&quot; /&gt;
    &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Name&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
    &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
    &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ReplicationScope&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
    &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServerName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
    &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
    &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
    &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
    &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>AccessScopeId</b>:  Corresponds to the access
scope entry in the data store to which this DNS conditional forwarder belongs.</p>

<p><b>ConditionalForwarderType</b>: A
DnsConditionalForwarderType (section <a href="caf28db5-b9e1-4867-a3b1-eb75688fb117.md">2.2.5.107</a>) that specifies
the type of the DNS conditional forwarder.</p>

<p><b>DirectoryPartitionName</b>:  Specifies the name of
the directory partition to which the DNS conditional forwarder belongs.</p>

<p><b>DnsServerId</b>:  The record Id of the DNS server
to which the DNS conditional forwarder belongs.</p>

<p><b>ForwarderTimeout</b>:  Represents the forwarder
timeout of the DNS conditional forwarder.</p>

<p><b>IsInheritedAccessScope</b>:  A Boolean that
indicates whether this resource record has inherited its access scope from its
DNS zone's access scope.</p>

<p><b>MasterServers</b>:  Specifies the IP addresses of
the master servers for the DNS zone on the DNS server.</p>

<p><b>Name</b>:  The name of the DNS conditional
forwarder.</p>

<p><b>RecordId</b>: Specifies the unique identifier for
the data in the IPAM data store.</p>

<p><b>ReplicationScope</b>: Specifies the replication
scope of the DNS conditional forwarder on this server.</p>

<p><b>ServerName</b>: The name of the DNS server to
which the DNS conditional forwarder belongs. </p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>