<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.3.2.2 GetIPAddressFromTable</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure retrieves the IP address information in the
form of IpamIPv4Address or IpamIPv6Address. The type of data returned is either
IpamIPv4Address or IpamIPv6Address based on the simple table within <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>
against which the processing steps are performed. </p>

<p>The following are the input parameters for this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Param_Id: </b> A 64-bit signed integer that
identifies the address for which the information is being retrieved.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> This is of type
AddressFamily and it can be either InterNetwork or InterNetworkV6. The value
InterNetwork is used to specify the processing to be done on the IPv4-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing. The value
InterNetworkV6 is used to specify the processing to be done on IPv6-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing. </p>

<p>The following is the output
parameter from this procedure.</p>

<p><b>result: </b> This is the address information in
the form of IpamIPv4Address or IpamIPv6Address, corresponding to the <i>Param_Id</i>
specified in the input parameter. If the <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is
InterNetwork, the procedure returns IpamIPv4Address, and if it is
InterNetworkV6, the procedure returns IpamIPv6Address.</p>

<p>The following are the
processing steps involved.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up the row
with <i>RecordId</i> equal to <i>Param_Id</i> from <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If no valid row
is present, assign NULL to <b>result</b> and return the same.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Initialize <b>result</b>
with IpamIPv4Address if <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetwork or with
IpamIPv6Address if <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetworkV6.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>RecordId</b>
to result.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign
RangeRecordId to result.ParentIPRangeRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Copy
AddressDetails to result.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If RangeRecordId
is not 0, the address is mapped to an address range. Perform the following additional
processing:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Retrieve the range row from <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> having <b>RecordId</b>
being RangeRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Copy the StartIPAddress and EndIPAddress of the range row into
result.ParentIPRangeStartIP and result.ParentIPRangeEndIP respectively.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the AddressAssignment is Dynamic for the range row, the details
pertaining to the DHCP configuration related to the address are retrieved as
given below. </p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Look up the <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b> for the row having <b>RecordId</b>
value being the ScopeRecordId in the range row.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Copy the ScopeRecordId
into result.DhcpScopeId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Copy Description
into result.DhcpScopeDescription.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Copy the
ScopeName into result.DhcpScopeName.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Copy the ScopeId
into result.DhcpScopeId.</p>

</li></ol></li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>If there is an associated reservation, the reservation details are
retrieved as given below.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Look up <b>ADM_DHCPReservationTable</b> having ScopeRecordId
being result.DhcpScopeId and IPAddressRecordId being result.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If an entry is found, retrieve the following values:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Copy
ReservationDescription to result.ReservationDescription.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Copy <b>RecordId</b>
to result.ReservationId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Copy
ReservationName to result.ReservationName.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Copy
ReservationSyncStatus to result.ReservationSyncStatus.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Retrieve the DHCP server information by invoking the
GetDHCPServerFromTable by passing the DhcpServerRecordId as <i>Param_Id</i> and
<i>Param_addressfamily</i>. Let the result returned be Result_DhcpServer. Copy
Result_DhcpServer.ServerRoleInfo.ServerInfo.Name to result.ReservationServerName.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>If there is an associated forward lookup DNS zone registration, the
registration details are retrieved as follows:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Look up <b>ADM_AddressDNSForwardLookupTable</b> for a row with
AddressRecordId being result.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If an entry is found, retrieve the following values:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Copy <b>RecordId</b>
as result.DnsForwardLookupZoneRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Copy
DNSZoneRecordId as result.DnsZoneId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Copy
DNSForwardLookupRegistrationDetails to result.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Look up the DNS zone information from <b>ADM_DNSForwardLookupTable</b>
having <b>RecordId</b> equal to result.DnsZoneId and copy Name to
result.DnsZoneName.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Copy DNSServerRecordId to result.DnsForwardLookupZoneDnsServerId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Retrieve DNS server information by invoking the <i>GetDNSServerFromTable</i>
by passing the result.DnsForwardLookupZoneDnsServerId as Param_Id and <i>Param_addressfamily</i>.
Let the result returned be Result_DnsServer. Copy
Result_DnsServer.ServerRoleInfo.ServerInfo.Name to
result.DnsForwardLookupZoneServerName.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>If an associated reverse lookup DNS zone registration is found, the
registration details are retrieved as follows:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up <b>ADM_AddressDNSReverseLookupTable</b>
for a row with AddressRecordId being result.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If an entry is
found, retrieve the following values:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Copy <b>RecordId</b> to result.DnsReverseLookupZoneRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Copy DNSZoneRecordId to result.DnsReverseLookupZoneId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Copy DNSServerRecordId to result.DnsReverseLookupZoneServerId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Copy DNSReverseLookupRegistrationDetails to result.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Look up the DNS
zone information from <b>ADM_DNSReverseLookupTable</b> having <b>RecordId</b>
equal to result.DnsReverseLookupZoneId and copy the following values:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Copy Name to
result.DnsReverseLookupZoneName</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Copy
ZoneDetails.Prefix to result.DnsReverseLookupZonePrefix.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Retrieve the DNS
server information by invoking the GetDNSServerFromTable by passing the
result.DnsReverseLookupZoneDnsServerId as Param_Id and <i>Param_addressfamily</i>.
Let the result returned be Result_DnsServer. Copy
Result_DnsServer.ServerRoleInfo.Name to result.DnsReverseLookupZoneServerName.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If result.ExpiryDate is set
and is already past when compared to the current date, set result.IsExpired to
TRUE. Otherwise set result.IsExpired to FALSE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If result.ExpiryDate is set,
result.IsExpired is FALSE and the difference between current date and
result.ExpiryDate is less than <b>ADM_CommonProperties.ExpiryAlertThreshold</b>,
set result.InWarningPeriod to TRUE. Otherwise set result.InWarningPeriod to
FALSE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Retrieve the custom field
values for the address object by calling the GetCustomFieldValues procedure of <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span><i>Param_ObjectType</i>
is set to EnumerationObjectType.IPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span><i>Param_addressFamily</i>
is passed as is.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Result.RecordId
is passed as <i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Assign the
Result_CustomFieldValueList to result.CustomFieldValues.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign the Result_CustomFieldPartialList
to result.PartialCustomFieldValues.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Return <b>result</b> as the
output of the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>