<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.33.2.1 GetAddressSpaceById</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure retrieves an AddressSpace instance that has
the specified <b>RecordId</b>. </p>

<p>The following input parameter is used:</p>

<p><b>Param_AddressSpaceId: </b> This parameter is of
type signed 64-bit integer and represents the <b>RecordId</b> of the row that
needs to be retrieved from the table.</p>

<p>The output parameter from this procedure is as follows:</p>

<p><b>Result_AddressSpace: </b> This is of complex type
AddressSpace, section <a href="b0a9d5e1-9d15-411e-b732-259b999bd3a8.md">2.2.4.7</a>,
and represents an instance of AddressSpace for the specified <b>RecordId</b>.</p>

<p>The following processing steps are performed against the
data store.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look-up the row
in the <b>ADM_AddressSpaceTable</b> with <b>RecordId</b> equal to <i>Param_AddressSpaceId</i>.
If the row is not present, set result to NULL and return.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
AddressSpaceType column of the row is ProviderAddressSpace, initialize
Result_AddressSpace to ProviderAddressSpace instance. The rest of the
processing rules are performed on ProviderAddressSpace-specific tables of any
compound table referenced. If the AddressSpaceType column of the row is
CustomerAddressSpace, initialize Result_AddressSpace to CustomerAddressSpace
instance. The rest of the processing rules are performed on
CustomerAddressSpace-specific tables of any compound table referenced. </p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Copy the <b>RecordId</b> to Result_AddressSpace.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Copy the AddressSpaceDetails of the row into result.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call GetCustomFieldValues procedure of <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_ObjectType</i> is set to
EnumerationObjectType.AddressSpace.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i> is passed as Unspecified.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i> is set to <i>Param_AdressSpaceId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Assign Result_CustomFieldValueList to
Result_AddressSpace.CustomFieldValues.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Assign Result_CustomFieldPartialValueList to
Result_AddressSpace.PartialCustomFieldValues.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call GetAccessScopeForObjectIdAndType of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectId</i> is set to <i>Param_AddressSpaceId</i>. </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectType</i> is set to IpamObjectType.AddressSpace.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_accessScopeId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectInheritanceStatus</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_inheritanceId</i>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <i>Param_accessScopeId</i> to Result_AddressSpace.AccessScopeId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <i>Param_objectInheritanceStatus</i> to
Result_AddressSpace.IsInheritedAccessScope.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call GetRangesForAddressSpace of <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> passing the
following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_addressSpaceId</i> is set to <i>Param_AddressSpaceId</i>.
</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_addressFamily</i> is set to InterNetwork.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each range returned in Result_Ranges collection, if
range.UseForUtilization is set to TRUE, add range.UtilizationStatistics to
Result_AddressSpace.IPv4Utilization.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call GetRangesForAddressSpace of <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> passing the
following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_addressSpaceId</i> is set to <i>Param_AddressSpaceId</i>.
</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_addressFamily</i> is set to InterNetworkV6.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each range returned in Result_Ranges collection, if
range.UseForUtilization is set to TRUE, add range.UtilizationStatistics to
Result_AddressSpace.IPv6Utilization.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Return Result_AddressSpace as output of the procedure.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>