<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.1.2.11 GetRangesForAddressSpace</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure retrieves the IP address range information in
the form of IPv4Range or IPv6Range, which belong to a specific AddressSpace
(section <a href="b0a9d5e1-9d15-411e-b732-259b999bd3a8.md">2.2.4.7</a>).
Whether the type of the data returned is IPv4Range or IPv6Range is based on the
simple table within the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> compound table against which
the processing steps are performed. </p>

<p>The following are the input parameters to this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressSpaceId: </b> This is a 64-bit signed
integer that identifies the <b>AddressSpace</b> for which the information is
being retrieved.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> This is of type <b>AddressFamily</b>
and it can be either InterNetwork or InterNetworkV6. The value InterNetwork
specifies the processing to be done on the IPv4-specific simple tables for any
compound table involved during the processing. The value InterNetworkV6 s the
processing to be done on the IPv6-specific simple tables for any compound table
involved during the processing. </p>

<p>The following is the output parameter from this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Result_Ranges: </b> This is a collection of the
address range information in the form of IPv4Range or IPv6Range corresponding
to the <i>Param_addressfamily</i> specified in the input parameter. If <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is InterNetwork, the procedure returns collection of IPv4Range instances, and
if it is InterNetworkV6, the procedure returns a collection of IPv6Range instances.</p>

<p>The following processing
steps are involved.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>
for all the rows with the <b>AddressSpaceRecordId</b> value equal to <i>Param_addressSpaceId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the rows are
not found, return NULL. Otherwise initialize <b>Result_Ranges</b> to the
collection of IPv4Range if the <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetwork and
IPv6Range if the <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetworkV6.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each row
that has been found, call GetIPRangeFromTable procedure of <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span><b>RecordId</b>
is assigned to <i>Param_id</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span><i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is assigned to <i>Param_addressfamily</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Process the
output result and add it to the collection <b>Result_Ranges</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Return <b>Result_Ranges</b>
as the output of the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>