<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.4.2.3 GetIPBlockParentAndChildDepth</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can be used to calculate the length of the
address block hierarchy given the StartIPAddress and EndIPAddress of the
address block. The following are the input parameters.</p>

<p><b>Param_StartIPAddress: </b> This is of type
IPAddress specifying the StartIPAddress of the block for which the length of
the parent and child hierarchy length is to be calculated.</p>

<p><b>Param_EndIPAddress: </b> This is of type IPAddress
specifying the EndIPAddress of the block for which the length of the parent and
child hierarchy length is to be calculated.</p>

<p><b>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId: </b> The Address Space
<b>RecordId</b> of the address block for which the block depth is to be
computed. If this parameter is not specified while calling this procedure, the
default value that is considered is 1, which maps to Default Provider Address
Space.</p>

<p><b>Param_RecordIdToExclude: </b> This specifies the <b>RecordId</b>
of the address block that has to be excluded while calculating the length of
the parent-child hierarchy. </p>

<dl>
<dd>
<p>The output parameter is the length of the
parent-child hierarchy of the block whose start address and end address are
given. This will be returned in variable <b>result</b>.</p>
</dd>
<dd>
<p>The following are the steps involved.</p>
</dd>
<dd>
<p><b>Note:</b> If the
address family of <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i> and <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i> is
InterNetwork, the remainder of the processing is done against the IPv4-specific
table. Otherwise, the remainder of the processing is done against the
IPv6-specific table.</p>
</dd></dl>





<ol><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows in <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b> that have either of the conditions TRUE, and
have <i>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</i> equal to the AddressSpaceRecordId of the
block entry in the table:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>StartIPAddress &lt;= Param_StartIPAddress and EndIPAddress &gt;=
Param_EndIPAddress </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>StartIPAddress &gt;= Param_StartIPAddress and EndIPAddress &lt;= Param_EndIPAddress</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>
is specified, exclude the row from the enumerated rows.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Set <b>result</b>
to 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Set
RecordIdToSearch to 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>In the
enumerated rows, look up the row that has <b>RecordId</b> to be
RecordIdToSearch.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the row is
found:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Increment result
by 1.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Set
RecordIdToSearch to the ParentIPBlockRecordId of the row.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Go to step 5.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the row is
not found, the chain has been found.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Return <b>result</b>
as the length of the hierarchy.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>