<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.133 DhcpReservation</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The DhcpReservation complex type specifies the details
associated with a DHCP reservation.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;DhcpReservation&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Address&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Description&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpDiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsNameProtectionStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpDnsNameProtectionStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsUpdateType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpDnsUpdateType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Name&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;OperationTracker&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfReservationOperations&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Options&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpOptionCollection&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ParentScope&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpScope&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Status&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpReservationStatus&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>Address: </b> The IPv4 or IPv6 address for the
reservation.</p>

<p><b>Description: </b> This specifies the description
for the reservation.</p>

<p><b>DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus: </b> This
specifies the DNS operation to be performed when the address lease expires and
the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e6d76b31-2852-4bd5-8fbb-8e82a3cedb29">lease record</a> gets
deleted.</p>

<p><b>DnsNameProtectionStatus: </b> This specifies the
setting of DNS name protection for the reservation. See <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=125431">[RFC4701]</a> for
information on the name protection.</p>

<p><b>DnsUpdateType: </b> This specifies the dynamic DNS
registration settings associated with the reservation. </p>

<p><b>Name: </b> This is a descriptive name for the
reservation.</p>

<p><b>OperationTracker: </b> This specifies an array of
ReservationOperations simple type on the type of operations to be performed for
the reservation update. </p>

<p><b>Options: </b> This specifies the collection of
DHCP options associated with the reservation.</p>

<p><b>ParentScope: </b> This specifies the <b>RecordId</b>
of the DHCP scope against which the reservation is defined.</p>

<p><b>RecordId: </b> This specifies the unique
identifier for the data in the IPAM data store.</p>

<p><b>Status: </b> This specifies the status of the
reservation. It is of the type DhcpReservationStatus. </p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>