<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.28 DeleteIpamIPAddress</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is used to delete the specified IP addresses
from the IPAM data store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;DeleteIpamIPAddress&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/DeleteIpamIPAddress&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_DeleteIpamIPAddress_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/DeleteIpamIPAddressResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_DeleteIpamIPAddress_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the
IIpamServer_DeleteIpamIPAddress_InputMessage request message, the server
performs the following processing steps. Upon successful completion of the
steps specified below, the server MUST respond with the IIpamServer_DeleteIpamIPAddress_OutputMessage
message. In the event of a failure, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a> MUST be sent to
the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If D<b>eleteIpamIPAddress.addressFamily</b>
is InterNetwork, the rest of the processing is done with the IPv4-specific
tables. Otherwise IPv6-specific tables are used for further processing.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Get the
IpamIPAddress corresponding to the <b>DeleteIpamIPAddress.ipAddressRecordId</b>
by calling the GetIPAddressFromTable procedure of the <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>
passing the <b>DeleteIpamIPAddress.ipAddressRecordId</b> as <i>Param_id</i>
input parameter and <b>DeleteIpamIPAddress.addressFamily</b> as the <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
input parameter. Assign the address retrieved in result to <b>addressToBeDeleted</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>addressToBeDeleted</b>
is null, return an appropriate SOAP fault to the client.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>addressToBeDeleted.ReservationId</b>
is set, remove the row having a <b>RecordId</b> value equal to <b>addressToBeDeleted.ReservationId</b>
from the <b>ADM_DHCPReservationTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>addressToBeDeleted.DnsForwardLookupZoneRecordId</b>
is set, remove the row in <b>ADM_AddressDnsForwardLookupTable</b> having <b>RecordId</b>
equal to <b>addressToBeDeleted.DnsForwardLookupZoneRecordId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>addressToBeDeleted.DnsReverseLookupZoneRecordId</b>
is set, remove the row in <b>ADM_AddressDnsReverseLookupTable</b> having <b>RecordId</b>
equal to <b>addressToBeDeleted.DnsReverseLookupZoneRecordId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call the
procedure DeleteCustomFieldValuesForObject in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
by passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ObjectType</i>
is set to <b>EnumerationObjectType.IPAddress</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressFamily</i>
is set to <b>DeleteIpamIPAddress.addressFamily</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i>
is set to <b>DeleteIpamIPAddress.ipAddressRecordId</b>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Delete the row
with record identifier as <b>DeleteIpamIPAddress.ipAddressRecordId</b> from the
IP address table.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate all
rows in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>, where value of IPAddress is same as <b>addressToBeDeleted.IPAddress</b>,
to find the duplicate addresses of the address that was deleted. If the number
of rows found is 1, then there is only one duplicate address, and hence its
duplicate status MUST be reset. Update the IsDuplicate field of the only
IpamIPAddress found thus as 0.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>