<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.49.2.1 GetMultivaluedPropertiesForRange</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure retrieves all the multivalued properties that
are associated with a specified IPRange.</p>

<p>The following are the input parameters to this procedure:</p>

<p><b>Param_rangeId: </b> This is a signed 64-bit
integer that represents the <b>RecordId</b> of the IPRange for which the
multivalued properties need to be retrieved.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> This is of type
AddressFamily and it can be either InterNetwork or InterNetworkV6. The value
InterNetwork specifies the processing to be done on the IPv4-specific simple
tables for any compound table involved during the processing. The value
InterNetworkV6 specifies the processing to be done on IPv6-specific simple
tables for any compound table involved during the processing. </p>

<p>The following is the output parameter from this procedure:</p>

<p><b>Result_multiValuedProperties: </b> This is a
collection&lt;Tuple&lt;long PropertyId, byte[] PropertyValue&gt;&gt; with each
tuple instance representing a MultiValuePropertyDetail (as specified in section
<a href="3dd9c51f-8d89-42d6-a632-6f110488190e.md">3.1.1.1.49.1</a>)
associated with the provided <i>Param_rangeId</i> parameter.</p>

<p>The following are the processing steps involved:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up all the
rows in the appropriate simple table of <b>ADM_IPRangeMultivaluedPropertiesTable</b>
corresponding to <i>Param_addressFamily</i>, with RangeId value being <i>Param_rangeId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If no such rows
are found, initialize Result_multiValuedProperties as NULL and return from the
procedure.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Initialize
Result_multiValuedProperties as a collection &lt;tuple&lt;long PropertyId,
byte[] PropertyValue&gt;&gt;.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Initialize an
instance of tuple&lt;long PropertyId, byte[] PropertyValue&gt; and assign
PropertyId and PropertyValue. Add this instance to Result_multiValuedProperties
collection.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_multiValuedProperties as the output of the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>