<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.113 DhcpFilter</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The DhcpFilter complex type describes a <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_94aff352-9cdc-488f-8319-feec410ee2fa">DHCP filter</a> and associates
its various properties into one instance.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;DhcpFilter&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Description&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsAllow&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;MacAddress&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;OperationTrackerServerIds&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;serarr:ArrayOflong&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServerName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServerRecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>Description: </b> A string that stores the
description of the filter.</p>

<p><b>IsAllow: </b> A Boolean that indicates if this
filter instance is an allow or deny type.</p>

<p><b>MacAddress: </b> A string that stores the MAC
address for which this filter is defined.</p>

<p><b>OperationTrackerServerIds: </b> A list of long
int. It is used to track if a data store update is needed after a filter
operation is done.</p>

<p><b>RecordId: </b> A long int that corresponds to the
filter’s record ID in the data store.</p>

<p><b>ServerName: </b> A string that corresponds to the
name of the server to which this filter is associated.</p>

<p><b>ServerRecordId: </b> A long that corresponds to
the data store record ID of the server to which this filter is associated. </p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>