<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.2.2.7 GetObjectForLogicalGroupObjectId</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can be used to retrieve an object that is
being enumerated for a logical group or logical group node. The following are
the input parameters to this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Param_objectType: </b> This specifies the type of
object for which the object record identifier has been specified.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressFamily: </b> This specifies the
AddressFamily for the object type that is being requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_Id: </b> This specifies the record
identifier of the object being requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_filter: </b> This specifies any additional
filter to be applied for getting the object. This is applicable only for <i>Param_objectType</i>
being ServerInfo. </p>

<p>The following is the output parameter of this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Result_object: </b> This specifies the object that
has been requested based on the specified input parameters for logical group
mapping. The following table summarizes the various input parameters and the
kind of output parameter generated.</p>

<table>
 <thead>
 <tr>
 <th>
 <p>Param_addressFamily</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Param_objectType (EnumerationObjectType)</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Param_filter </p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Result_object Type</p>
 </th>
 </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetwork</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPRange</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>N/A</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPv4Range</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetworkV6</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPRange</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>N/A</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPv6Range</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetwork</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPAddress</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>N/A</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IpamIPv4Address</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetworkV6</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPAddress</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>N/A</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IpamIPv6Address</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetwork</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfo</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>No Filter</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfo</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p> </p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p> </p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfoGetServerFilter.Role ==  ServerRoleType.Dhcp</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>DhcpServerV4</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p> </p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p> </p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfoGetServerFilter.Role ==  ServerRoleType.Dns</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>DnsServer</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p> </p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p> </p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfoGetServerFilter.MultipleRole ==
 ServerMultipleRole.DhcpOrDns</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfo</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetworkV6</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfo</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>No Filter</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfo</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p> </p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p> </p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfoGetServerFilter.Role ==  ServerRoleType.Dhcp</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>DhcpServerV6</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p> </p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p> </p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfoGetServerFilter.Role ==  ServerRoleType.Dns</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>DnsServer</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p> </p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p> </p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfoGetServerFilter.MultipleRole ==
 ServerMultipleRole.DhcpOrDns</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfo</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p>The following are the processing steps involved.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_objectType</i>
is EnumerationObjectType.IPRange, call the procedure GetIPRangeFromTable by
passing <i>Param_Id</i> and <i>Param_addressFamily</i>. Set the returned result
to Result_object.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_objectType</i>
is EnumerationObjectType.IPAddress, call the procedure GetIPAddressFromTable by
passing <i>Param_Id</i> and <i>Param_addressfamily</i>. Add the returned result
to Result_object.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_objectType</i>
is EnumerationObjectType.ServerInfo, the following additional processing is
required to get the objects for the logical group node.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If Param_filter
is NULL or no filter condition is specified or a filter with key value pair
(ServerInfoGetServerFilter.MultipleRole,ServerMultipleRole.DhcpOrDns) is
specified, call the procedure GetServerInfoFromTable by passing <i>Param_Id</i>
and storing Result_serverInfo into Result_object.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If Param_filter
contains the key value pair (ServerInfoGetServerFilter.Role, ServerRoleType.Dhcp),
the following steps are performed:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Enumerate the row in <b>ADM_ServerRolesTable</b> that has ServerRecordID
to be of value <i>Param_Id</i> and ServerRoleDetails.ServerRoleType being
ServerRoleType.Dhcp.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Let the <b>RecordId</b> of the row be serverRoleRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Look up the <b>ADM_DHCPServersTable</b> whose ServerRoleRecordId is
having the value serverRoleRecordId. Call the procedure GetDHCPServerFromTable
passing the Param_addressfamily and <i>Param_Id</i> set to <b>RecordId</b> of
the row selected in <b>ADM_DHCPServersTable</b>. Set Result_server to
Result_object.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If
LogicalGroupDataForLogicalGroupNodeEnumerationParameters.Filter contains the
key value pair (ServerInfoGetServerFilter.Role, ServerRoleType.Dns), the
following steps are performed:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Enumerate the row in <b>ADM_ServerRolesTable</b> that has ServerRecordID
to be of value Param_Id and ServerRoleDetails.ServerRoleType being
ServerRoleType.Dns.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Let the <b>RecordId</b> of the row be serverRoleRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Look up the <b>ADM_DnsServersTable</b> whose <b>RecordId</b> has the
value serverRoleRecordId. Call the procedure GetDnsServerFromTable passing the
Param_Id set to serverRoleRecordId. Set Result_DnsServer to Result_object.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_object as the output parameter of this procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>