<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.120 ManuallyUpdateServer</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation can be used to manually update a specified
ServerInfo data.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;ManuallyUpdateServer&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/ManuallyUpdateServer&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_ManuallyUpdateServer_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/ManuallyUpdateServerResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_ManuallyUpdateServer_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the
IIpamServer_ManuallyUpdateServer_InputMessage request message, the server
performs the following processing steps. Upon successful completion of these steps,
the server MUST respond with IIpamServer_ManuallyUpdateServer_OutputMessage. In
the event of a failure, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a> MUST be sent to
the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
ManuallyUpdateServer.serverInfo is NULL, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be
generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
ManuallyUpdateServer.serverInfo using the steps listed under ValidateServerInfo
section passing ManuallyUpdateServer.serverInfo as <i>Param_serverInfo</i>. If
one or more validations fail, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
ManuallyUpdateServer.serverInfo.ModifiedProperties contains the
ServerRoleCollection, set ManuallyUpdateServer.serverInfo.NewFlag to
ServerInfoNewFlag.Modified.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Update the list
of properties in ManuallyUpdateServer.serverInfo.ModifiedProperties to the
existing row of the ServerInfo data in <b>ADM_ServersTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Remove the list
of ServerRole for the ServerInfo from <b>ADM_ServerRolesTable</b> by looking up
the rows with ServerRecordId being ServerInfo.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each
ServerRole in ManuallyAddServer.serverInfo.ServerRoleCollection, add an entry
into the <b>ADM_ServerRolesTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
ManuallyUpdateServer.serverInfo.ServerCustomDataCollection is specified,
validate them by performing the processing rules listed under the section
ValidateCustomFieldValues by passing
ManuallyUpdateServer.serverInfo.ServerCustomDataCollection. If it is valid,
call the procedure SetCustomFieldValues in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
by passing the following parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_ObjectType</i> is set to EnumerationObjectType.ServerInfo.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_addressFamily</i> is not set to any value as ServerInfo is address
family agnostic information.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i> is set to
ManuallyUpdateServer.serverInfo.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_CustomFieldValuesCollection</i> is assigned the value of
ManuallyUpdateServer.serverInfo.ServerCustomDataCollection.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>