<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.30.2.3 GetPoliciesForScopeByScopeId</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure retrieves all the DHCP policies that are
associated with a specific DHCP scope.</p>

<p>The following input parameter is used:</p>

<p><b>Param_scopeId</b>: This is a signed 64-bit integer
that represents a <b>RecordId</b> for a DhcpScopev4.</p>

<p>The following is the output parameter from this procedure:</p>

<p><b>Result_scopePolicies: </b> This is a collection of
DhcpPolicyv4 instances that have the same value in the scope column of the row
as specified by <i>Param_scopeId</i>.</p>

<p>The following processing steps are involved:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows in <b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable</b> having scope equal to <i>Param_scopeId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Initialize
Result_scopePolicies.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each row
meeting the criteria mentioned in step 1, perform the following steps.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Create an
instance of DhcpPolicyV4 with the following assignments and add it to the
Result_scopePolicies collection:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Set <b>DhcpPolicyV4.PolicyId</b> to the PolicyId of the row.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Copy the PolicyDetails to the <b>DhcpPolicyV4</b> instance.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Initialize <b>DhcpPolicyV4.Server</b> with <b>DhcpServerV4</b> instance.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set <b>DhcpPolicyV4.Server.RecordId</b> to the server of the row.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Initialize <b>DhcpPolicyV4.Scope</b> with the <b>DhcpScopeV4</b>
instance and set <b>DhcpPolicyV4.Scope.RecordId</b> to the Scope of the row.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Initialize <b>DhcpPolicyV4.ScopeRecordId</b> with the scope of the row.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Initialize <b>DhcpPolicyV4.ServerRecordId</b> with the server of the
row.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_scopePolicies as the output of the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>