<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.29 ReplicateFailoverScopeDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.ReplicateScope. The IpamOperationWithProgressParameter
instance in this case MUST be of type ReplicateScopeParameters. </p>

<p>This operation is used to replicate a scope to the partner
server in a DHCP failover relationship. The following are the steps involved.
In these steps, any time a fault is generated, the SetOverallStatus SHOULD be
called with the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter is NULL or not of type ReplicateScopeParameters,
generate an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP
fault</a> (as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>). Project
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
ReplicateScopeParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
ReplicateScopeParameters.Scopes is NULL or
ReplicateScopeParameters.Scopes.count is 0, generate an appropriate SOAP fault
(as specified in section 2.2.2.1).</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each scope
object in ReplicateScopeParameters.Scopes, put the scope object in a local
variable Scope. Do the following steps for each such reservation in the
collection.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Find the partner server in a failover relationship for this scope.
Search for a failover relationship corresponding to a given scope by looking
for a row in <b>ADM_DhcpScopeFailoverTable</b> that has ScopeId equal to
Scope.RecordId. If no record is found, skip this scope. If the ADM record is
found, look for a row in <b>ADM_FailoverRelationTable</b> that has <b>ADM_FailoverRelationTable.RecordId</b>
equal to <b>ADM_DhcpScopeFailoverTable</b>.FailoverRelationId. If no such ADM
record is found, skip this scope. If the record is found, assign the failover
relationship object to a local variable called Relationship.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Create a local variable DestinationServer. If Relationship.Server1RecordId
= Scope.DHCPServerRecordId, assign Relationship.Server1RecordId to
DestinationServer. If Relationship.Server2RecordId = Scope.DHCPServerRecordId,
assign Relationship.Server2RecordId to DestinationServer.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Clone the Scope variable to another local variable ScopeToStore. Assign
DestinationServer to ScopeToStore.DHCPServerRecordId. </p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Check if ScopeToStore already exists in DestinationServer. If it does,
call UpdateDhcpScopeDelegate (section <a href="435d4e4f-5a8e-4694-9e04-c77338d6a998.md">3.19.4.4.1.4</a>), passing
ScopeToStore as the parameter. If the scope does not exist in the
DestinationServer, call CreateDhcpScopeDelegate (section <a href="843d87cf-b24d-4f95-9d68-a3077fda07d1.md">3.19.4.4.1.3</a>), passing
ScopeToStore as the parameter.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call SetOverallStatus with Success and 100% completion.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>