<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.5.4.8.1.43 IpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntityEnumerationParameters</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This is the processing done when the EnumInputParameters
contains data of type IpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntityEnumerationParameters.
The ObjectType MUST be EnumerationObjectType.IPAddress. This is used to
enumerate addresses mapped to the specified address block given by <b>IpamIPAddressByBlockIdEnumerationParameters.BlockId</b>.
The IpamIPAddressByBlockIdEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily is used to
determine the simple table within the ADM_IPAddressTable on which the
processing has to be done. If AddressFamily is InterNetwork, the EnumOutputData
will be a collection of IpamIPv4Address and if it is InterNetworkV6, the
EnumOutputData will be a collection of IpamIPv6Address.</p>

<p>The following are the steps involved in identifying the rows
to be returned as a part of the enumeration:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
row in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValues</b> where CustomFieldValueDetails.Value is
equal to
IpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntityEnumerationParameters.ManagedByValue.
Store the <b>RecordId</b> of the row in requiredManagedByCustomFieldValueId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
row in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValues</b> where CustomFieldValueDetails.Value is
equal to
IpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntityEnumerationParameters.ManagedByEntityValue.
Store the <b>RecordId</b> of the row in
requiredManagedByEntityCustomFieldValueId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b> that meet the following
criteria.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>ObjectType
is EnumerationObjectType.IPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Af
is
IpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntityEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>CustomFieldId
is equal to ADM_ManagedByCustomFieldId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>CustomFieldValueId
is equal to requiredManagedByCustomFieldValueId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>The rows
enumerated in step 3 will provide the list of IP addresses that have the
specified value for the <b>ManagedBy</b> custom field. For each of these rows,
perform the following steps to filter out the rows that have the specified
custom field value as well.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Enumerate the rows in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b> that
meet the following criteria.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_ObjectType</i> is EnumerationObjectType.IPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Af is
IpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntityEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>CustomFieldId is equal to <b>ADM_ManagedByEntityCustomFieldId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>CustomFieldValueId is equal to
requiredManagedByEntityCustomFieldValueId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>UsedById is equal to row.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If there is a row that meets the previously mentioned criteria,
the address with <b>RecordId</b> equal to row.RecordId meets the required
condition. Call the procedure GetIPAddressFromTable by passing row.RecordId as <i>Param_Id</i>
and IpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntityEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily
as <i>Param_addressfamily</i>. Add result to EnumOutputData.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>