<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.38 CreateDnsResourceRecordsDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.CreateDnsResourceRecords. The IpamOperationWithProgressParameter
instance in this case MUST be of type CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters. </p>

<p>This operation creates DNS resource records. In the
following steps, at any time a fault is generated, SetOverallStatus is called
with the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If IpamOperationWithProgressParameter
is NULL or not of type CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters, generate an
appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a>
(as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>).
Project IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters is NULL,
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords is NULL, CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.count
equals 0, CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ServerZoneId equals 0, or
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ZoneType equals ZoneLookupType.None,
generate an appropriate SOAP fault.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ZoneType equals DNSForwardLookupZone, call
the procedure GetDnsServerZoneFromTable in <b>ADM_DNSServerForwardLookupZoneTable</b>
passing CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ServerZoneId as a parameter and
assign output to a local variable serverZone. If serverZone is NULL, generate
an appropriate SOAP fault.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ZoneType equals DNSReverseLookupZone, call
the procedure GetDnsServerReverseLookupZoneFromTable in <b>ADM_DNSServerReverseLookupZoneTable</b>
passing CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ServerZoneId as a parameter and
assign output to a local variable serverZone. If serverZone is NULL, generate
an appropriate SOAP fault. If ZoneType equals DNSReverseLookupZone, perform
step 9, before steps 6, 7, and 8.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For all the
resource records in CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords,
validate each resource record using the processing rules listed in
ValidateDnsResourceRecord (as specified in section <a href="bcb041db-b2f8-4e2e-9f5e-7592cae577d1.md">3.1.4.24</a>) by passing each
record as Param_dnsResourceRecord. If any of the processing rules are not met,
an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For all the
resource records in CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords, if
RecordType is not equal to A, AAAA, or PTR, add the tuples to <b>ADM_DNSResourceRecordTable</b>,
with <b>RecordId</b> equal to the <b>RecordId</b> of the resource record with
parameters. </p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set RecordName as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.Name.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set RecordClass as CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.RecordClass.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set RecordTTL as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.TTL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set RecordTimestamp as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.TimeStamp.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set RecordType as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.RecordType.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set RecordData as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.RecordData. </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If the RecordType is NS, set RecordHostName as
RecordData.NameServer. If the RecordType is CNAME, set RecordHostName as
RecordData.HostName. If recordType is MX, set RecordHostName as
RecordData.MailServer. If recordType is SRV, set RecordHostName as
RecordData.ServerName. If RecordType is AFSDB, set RecordHostName as
RecordData.ServerName. If resourceType is RP, set RecordHostName as
RecordData.ResponsiblePerson. If RecordType is RT, set RecordHostName as
RecordData.IntermediateHost.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set RecordFQDN as RecordHostName + &quot;.&quot; +
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ZoneName.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set DNSZoneId as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.ZoneRecordId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>For all the resource
records in CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords, if RecordType is
equal to A, add the rows to <b>ADM_DNSResourceRecordTable</b>, with RecordId = <b>RecordId</b>
of the resource record with parameters.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set RecordName as CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.Name.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set RecordClass as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.RecordClass.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set RecordTTL as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.TTL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set RecordTimestamp as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.TimeStamp.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set RecordType as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.RecordType.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Iterate through <b>ADM_DNSResourceRecordTable</b> and find a
record with RecordType as PTR and IPAddress as RecordDataA.Address. Set
IPv4AddressId to the IPv4AddressId of the PTR record. If no such record exists
in the table, set IPv4AddressId to NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set IPAddress as RecordDataA.Address.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set DNSZoneId as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.ZoneRecordId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>For all the
resource records in CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords, if
RecordType is equal to AAAA, add the rows to <b>ADM_DNSResourceRecordTable</b>
with <b>RecordId</b> as the <b>RecordId</b> of the resource record with
parameters.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set RecordName as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.Name.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set RecordClass as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.RecordClass.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>SetRecordTTL as CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.TTL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>SetRecordTimestamp as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.TimeStamp.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set RecordType as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.RecordType.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Iterate through rows in <b>ADM_DNSResourceRecordTable</b> and
find a record with RecordType as PTR and IPAddress as RecordDataAAAA.Address.
Set IPv6AddressId to the IPv6AddressId of the PTR record. If no such record
exists in the table, set IPv6AddressId to NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set IPAddress as RecordDataAAAA.Address.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set DNSZoneId as CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.ZoneRecordId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>For all the
resource records in CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords, if
RecordType is equal to PTR, add the rows to <b>ADM_DNSResourceRecordTable</b>,
with <b>RecordId</b> equal to the <b>RecordId</b> of the resource record with
parameters.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set <b>RecordName</b> as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.Name.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set <b>RecordClass</b> as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.RecordClass.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set <b>RecordTTL</b> as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.TTL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set <b>RecordTimestamp</b> as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.TimeStamp.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set <b>RecordType</b> as
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.RecordType.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set <b>IPAddress</b> as RecordDataPtr.RecordName.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set <b>DNSZoneId</b> as CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.ZoneRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ZoneType is not equal to
DNSReverseLookupZone, set IPv4AddressId to NULL and IPv6AddressId to NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ZoneType is equal to
DNSReverseLookupZone, call GetMappedIPRangesForReverseLookupZone of
ADM_RangeDNSReverseLookupTable table with ZoneRecordId as the parameter and the
object returned is kept in temp_ranges variable. If temp_ranges.count is NULL,
set IPv4AddressId and IPv6AddressId to NULL. If RecordDataPTR.RecordName lies
between StartIPAddress and EndIPAddress of any of the temp_ranges.range, store
the IP Range in temp_range variable. Call the GetAllMappingIPAddressesForRange
procedure of ADM_IPAddressTable with temp_range.RecordId as parameter. If the
IpAddress of any row matches the RecordDataPtr.RecordName, set IPv4AddressId to
the <b>RecordId</b> of the IP address if the IP address is IPv4. Set
IPv6AddressId – <b>RecordId</b> of the Address if the IP address is IPv6. If no
such IP address exists, set createIP variable as TRUE.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If createIP variable is TRUE, create a temp_Var.IPAddress of type
IpamIPAddres and set the following:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>temp_Var.IPAddress.Address as the RecordName of the resource
record.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>temp_Var.IPAddress.AddressSpaceRecordId as temp_range.addressSpaceRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>temp_Var.IPAddress.CreatedFromDnsResourceRecord is TRUE.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If temp_range.addressSpaceId.Value ! is
ProviderAddressSpace.DefaultProviderAddressSpaceRecordId, set
temp_Var.IPAddress.VirtualizationType to IPVirtualizationType.Fabric.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Use SetCustomFieldValues of ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable
to associate temp_range.managedByValueId and temp_range.serviceInstanceValueId
with custom field with identifier ADM_ManagedByCustomFieldId and
ADM_ManagedByEntityCustomFieldId respectively for temp_Var.IPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Validate the temp_Var.IPAddress using the processing rules listed
under ValidateIpamIPAddress, passing temp_Var.IPAddress as Param_address. If
any processing rules are not met, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Add a new record in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> using the details
of temp_Var.IPAddress.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>For all the resource records
created, call the CreateAssociationEntry procedure of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b>
to add access scopes for the new resource record. Pass the following
parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_ObjectType</i> is set to
EnumerationObjectType.DnsResourceRecord.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_ObjectId</i> is assigned the value of record id of the
DNS resource record just added.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Call SetOverallStatus with
Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>