<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.43.2.3 CreateAssociationEntry</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure creates an appropriate association entry for
the objects on which access scope associations can be done.</p>

<p>The procedure uses the following input parameters:</p>

<p><b>Param_objectId: </b> Of type signed 64-bit integer
that specifies the <b>RecordId</b> of the corresponding object for which the
association entry needs to be done.</p>

<p><b>Param_objectType: </b> This is of type
IpamObjectType and identifies the object type of the entity for which the
association entry needs to be done.</p>

<p>The following is the output parameter from this
procedure:</p>

<p><b>Result_recordId: </b>Of type signed 64-bit integer
that specifies the AssociationId of the row that has been added to the table
for this entry.</p>

<p>The following processing steps are performed:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up all the
rows in the <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b> that have ObjectId as <i>Param_objectId</i>
and ObjectType as <i>Param_objectType</i>. If there is such a row, take no
action and return NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Initialize a
Collection&lt;Tuple&lt;long ObjectId,IpamObjectType ObjectType&gt;&gt;
impactedChildObjects. The collection SHOULD be empty.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Compute the
ParentObjectId and ParentObjectType for the specified object by calling
procedure GetParentForObject of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b> by
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectId</i>
is set to <i>Param_objectId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectType</i>
is set to <i>Param_objectType</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ParentObjectId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ParentObjectType</i>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Process the
output of the procedure and assign <i>Param_ParentObjectId</i> to
ParentObjectId, assign <i>Param_ParentObjectType</i> to ParentObjectType.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
ParentObjectId and ParentObjectType are not NULL, do following:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Call
the procedure GetAccessScopeForObjectIdAndType with the following parameter
assignments:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectId</i> set to ParentObjectId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectType</i> set to ParentObjectType</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>After
the return from the procedure, assign the following:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_inheritanceId</i> to InheritanceId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_accessScopeId</i> to AccessScopeId</p>

</li></ul></li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If
ParentObjectId is NULL, do the following:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>InheritanceId is set to AssociationId for this row.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>AccessScopeId is set to 1 which maps to default Global access scope.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Compute all the Child Object Id and Object types that map to the current
object under processing. Initialize an instance of Collection&lt;Tuple&lt;long
ObjectId,IpamObjectType ObjectType&gt;&gt; impactedChildObjects. Call procedure
GetChildrensForObject by passing <i>Param_objectId</i> and <i>Param_objectType</i>
as parameters. </p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Process the result from the procedure Result_childObjects. Assign
Result_childObjects to impactedChildObjects.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Set IsInheriting
to TRUE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Add the
corresponding row in the table and assign the AssociationId to Result_recordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
impactedChildObjects collection is not empty, then for each of the item
impactedChildObject in the collection impactedChildObjects, do the following
steps:</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call the procedure
GetAccessScopeForObjectIdAndType with the following parameter assignments:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectId</i>
set to impactedChildObject.ObjectId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectType</i>
set to impactedChildObject.ObjectType.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>After the return from the
procedure, validate the following:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_inheritanceId</i>
is equal to InheritanceId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_accessScopeId</i>
is equal to AccessScopeId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If both the previous
conditions are TRUE, call the UpdateAssociationEntry procedure with the
following parameter assignments:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectId</i>
set to impactedChildObject.object.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectType</i>
set to impactedChildObject.ObjectType.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_inheritanceId</i>
set to AssociationId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_accessScopeId</i>
set to AccessScopeId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_isInheriting</i>
set to TRUE.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Return the Result_recordId
from the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>