<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.3.2.1 AdjustIPAddressRangeMapping</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can be used to adjust the IP address to IP
address range mapping. </p>

<p>The following are the input parameters to this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Param_rangeId: </b> A 64-bit unsigned value
specifying the record identifier of the address range to which the IP address
rows have to be mapped onto. This can be 0 to specify the addresses have to be
unmapped from existing association.</p>

<p><b>Param_StartIPAddress: </b> This is of type
IPAddress specifying the starting address of the range to which the addresses
have to be remapped.</p>

<p><b>Param_EndIPAddress: </b> This is of type IPAddress
specifying the ending address of the range to which the addresses have to be
remapped.</p>

<p><b>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId: </b> This is a 64-bit
signed integer that specifies the <b>RecordId</b> of the AddressSpace to which
the IPRange specified by Param_rangeId belongs.</p>

<p><b>Param_ManagedByValue: </b> This is the string
value of the predefined custom field of the address range having the <b>CustomFieldRecordId</b>
to be <b>ManagedByCustomFieldRecordId</b>.</p>

<p><b>Param_ManagedByEntityValue: </b> This is the string
value of the predefined custom field of the address range having the <b>CustomFieldRecordId</b>
to be <b>ManagedByEntityCustomFieldRecordId</b>.</p>

<p>This procedure has no return value.</p>

<p>The steps involved in this procedure are as follows.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>The address
family of the <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i> and Param_EndIPAddress passed as
parameter to the procedure determines the simple table of the <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>
compound table to be used for performing the processing steps.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> having their address within the specified <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>
and <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>, and <b>AddressSpaceRecordId</b> equal to <i>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each row
enumerated from the step above, compute the <b>ManagedByValue</b> and <b>ManagedByEntityValue</b>
fields. If these field values are the same as the <i>Param_ManagedByValue</i>
and <i>Param_ManagedByEntityValue</i> passed in as parameters, set their <b>ParentIPRangeRecordId</b>
to the specified <i>Param_rangeId</i> value and update the table.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>