<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.34.2.1 GetSubnetById</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure retrieves the IP subnet information in the
form of either IPv4Subnet or IPv6Subnet, based on whether it is being invoked
against the IPv4- or IPv6-specific table.</p>

<p>The following are the input parameters for this procedure:</p>

<p><b>Param_SubnetId: </b> This is a signed 64-bit
integer that represents the <b>RecordId</b> of the subnet for which the
information is being requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> This is of type
AddressFamily that can be either InterNetwork or InterNetworkV6. The value
InterNetwork specifies the processing to be done on the IPv4-specific simple
tables for any compound table involved during the processing. The value
InterNetworkV6 specifies the processing to be done on IPv6-specific simple
tables for any compound table involved during the processing. </p>

<p>The following is the output parameter from this procedure:</p>

<p><b>Result_Subnet</b>: This is of type IPSubnet.</p>

<p>The following processing steps are done against the data
store.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look-up the row
in the <b>ADM_SubnetTable</b> with <b>RecordId</b> equal <i>to Param_SubnetId</i>.
If the row is not present, set result to NULL and return.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
AddressFamily is InterNetwork, initialize the result to IPv4Subnet. The rest of
the processing rules are performed on IPv4-specific tables of any compound
table referenced. If the AddressFamily is InterNetworkV6, initialize the result
to IPv6Subnet. The rest of the processing rules are performed on IPv6-specific
tables of any compound table referenced. </p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Initialize the IPBlock related fields by calling the GetIPBlockFromTable
procedure of <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b> passing <i>Param_SubnetId</i> and <i>Param_addressFamily</i>.
Copy the result into Result_Subnet. This initializes the IPBlock portion of the
IPSubnet object.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Copy the SubnetDetails of the row into result.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the GetCustomFieldValues procedure of <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_ObjectType</i> is set to EnumerationObjectType.IPSubnet.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i> is passed as-is.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i> is set to <i>Param_SubnetId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Assign Result_CustomFieldValueList to
Result_Subnet.CustomFieldValues.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Assign Result_CustomFieldPartialValueList to
Result_Subnet.PartialCustomFieldValues.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call GetChildRangesForBlock of <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> passing the
following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_blockId</i> is set to <i>Param_SubnetId</i>. </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_addressFamily</i> is set to <i>Param_addressFamily</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>For each range returned in Result_Ranges collection, if
range.UseForUtilization is set to TRUE, add range.UtilizationStatistics to
Result_Subnet.UtilizationStatistics.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call GetAccessScopeForObjectIdAndType of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectId</i> is set to <i>Param_id.</i> </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectType</i> is set to IpamObjectType.IPv4Subnet if
addressfamily is InterNetwork or IpamObjectType.IPv6Subnet if AddressFamily is
InterNetworkV6.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_accessScopeId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectInheritanceStatus</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_inheritanceId</i>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <i>Param_accessScopeId</i> to Result_Subnet.AccessScopeId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <i>Param_objectInheritanceStatus</i> to
Result_Subnet.IsInheritedAccessScope.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the GetAddressSpaceById procedure of <b>ADM_AddressSpaceTable</b>
assigning AddressSpaceRecordId to <i>Param_AddressSpaceId</i>. Process the
output Result_AddressSpace from the procedure as follows:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If Result_AddressSpace.AddressSpaceType is CustomerAddressSpace,
then assign Result_AddressSpace.Name to Result_Subnet.CustomerAddressSpaceName
and assign Result_AddressSpace.ProviderAddressSpaceName to
Result_Subnet.ProviderAddressSpaceName.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If Result_AddressSpace.AddressSpaceType is ProviderAddressSpace,
then assign Result_AddressSpace.Name to Result_Subnet.ProviderAddressSpaceName.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_Subnet as output of the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>