<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">1.1 Glossary</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This document uses the following terms:</p>

<p><a id="gt_acc4994e-631f-4728-9779-af93054fc4b2"><b>access scope</b>: A logical
entity that determines whether a user would have access to an IPAM object. One
or more IPAM objects can be associated with an access scope, but a given IPAM
object can be associated with only one access scope. Access scopes follow a
hierarchical tree structure.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_e467d927-17bf-49c9-98d1-96ddf61ddd90"><b>Active Directory</b>: The
Windows implementation of a general-purpose directory service, which uses LDAP
as its primary access protocol. </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e467d927-17bf-49c9-98d1-96ddf61ddd90">Active Directory</a> stores
information about a variety of objects in the network such as user accounts,
computer accounts, groups, and all related credential information used by
Kerberos <mshelp:link keywords="2a32282e-dd48-4ad9-a542-609804b02cc9" tabindex="0">[MS-KILE]</mshelp:link>.
<a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e467d927-17bf-49c9-98d1-96ddf61ddd90">Active Directory</a> is
either deployed as Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) or Active Directory
Lightweight Directory Services (AD LDS), which are both described in <mshelp:link keywords="5ff67bf4-c145-48cb-89cd-4f5482d94664" tabindex="0">[MS-ADOD]</mshelp:link>:
Active Directory Protocols Overview.</p>

<p><a id="gt_fcaec097-23d5-4b8f-b3e7-5739cc9c1d78"><b>Active Directory domain</b>:
A </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_b0276eb2-4e65-4cf1-a718-e0920a614aca">domain</a> hosted on <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e467d927-17bf-49c9-98d1-96ddf61ddd90">Active Directory</a>. For more
information, see <mshelp:link keywords="d2435927-0999-4c62-8c6d-13ba31a52e1a" tabindex="0">[MS-ADTS]</mshelp:link>.</p>

<p><a id="gt_9bf0a16f-e546-41f1-9e45-50655e20beb5"><b>Active Directory forest</b>:
See forest.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_f095732f-d1a1-408a-91e1-60ecad397142"><b>address category</b>: The
categorization of an IP address or an address space based on the communication
that it enables. An address (or an address space) can be public when it is
globally unique and can be used for communication over the Internet. </a><a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=234171">[IANA-IPV4]</a> specifies
the address ranges that belong to this category. An address (or an address
space) can be private, in which case it is unique within an enterprise or an
autonomous network and cannot be used to communicate with the public network. <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90298">[RFC1918]</a> specifies
the address ranges that belong to this category. For IPv6, the equivalent term
for the public address category is the global unicast address space as
specified by <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90464">[RFC4291]</a>.</p>

<p><a id="gt_f710d724-5feb-459f-bb01-4d89154f8508"><b>address space management</b>:
The activities that manage the IP address space of a network. Management
activities include, but are not limited to, reserving and allocating addresses
and address ranges to various hosts or portions of the network, or network
planning based on current address space utilization.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_21b83bd2-9daa-48ff-ab4a-656ee9800b64"><b>audit log</b>: A record of
activities performed by the Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) server.
The name of the </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_21b83bd2-9daa-48ff-ab4a-656ee9800b64">audit
log</a> file is based on the current day of the week. For example, on Monday
the name of the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_21b83bd2-9daa-48ff-ab4a-656ee9800b64">audit log</a>
file is DhcpSrvLog-Mon.</p>

<p><a id="gt_cd2b5b2a-c1bf-48fb-8945-35e6f812f20c"><b>audit purge</b>: The
maintenance activity of purging the audit data such as DHCP configuration
change events, IPAM configuration change events, and IP address tracking
events.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_ad861812-8cb0-497a-80bb-13c95aa4e425"><b>binary large object (BLOB)</b>:
A discrete packet of data that is stored in a database and is treated as a
sequence of uninterpreted bytes.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_919531d5-10dd-47b6-aacc-7195c0294372"><b>built-in custom field</b>: A
custom field that is predefined in the IPAM data store.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_6df100a1-75f2-4503-afa5-4802b79783b5"><b>built-in custom field value</b>:
A custom field value that is predefined in the IPAM data store.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_35473460-bd53-4966-9c5b-d9b5a0081581"><b>built-in logical group</b>: A
logical group that is predefined in the IPAM data store.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_272297e7-5a18-4c98-9aac-0ba789a45c95"><b>configuration audit</b>: The
system activity of logging configuration changes initiated by users on an
entity in a secure data store to create a record of the configuration change.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_0248ccc0-8cb4-4fe1-94e7-7146ff6ecd5f"><b>configuration audit event</b>:
A specific event in the configuration change data store containing information
about a configuration change.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_f0c7e650-99fe-413a-9271-3f7ca8199135"><b>custom field</b>: An
extensible name-value property that can be tagged as additional metadata with
IP address ranges, IP addresses, and servers in IPAM.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_ade2abc3-2004-488a-847a-b3254fa521cc"><b>DHCP configuration audit</b>:
The configuration audit generated by the DHCP server to track DHCP
configuration change events. Conditions can be specified based on a set of
fields that are present in the DHCP client request. The settings are the
network configuration parameters (IP address, options, lease duration) that are
provided to clients in the DHCP server response.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_94aff352-9cdc-488f-8319-feec410ee2fa"><b>DHCP filter</b>: A filter
that allows a DHCP administrator to enable link layer filtering of clients
requesting an IP address.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_d91a46ce-ba6e-4c20-b4b8-8c7de99333bc"><b>DHCP lease</b>: The period
for which a network address is allocated by the DHCP Server for a client. Once
the lease expires, the DHCP client contacts the DHCP server to obtain a new
network address.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_91edec73-32d9-47fe-ba65-9193475193a6"><b>DHCP policy</b>: A policy
that allows a DHCP administrator to assign IP addresses and options in a more
granular fashion. Consists of policy conditions and policy settings.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_f659f31e-2f30-4b1c-8b5c-966dcf932ae4"><b>DHCP server failover modes</b>:
A DHCP failover relationship can be configured to use either of the following
two DHCP Failover modes, load balance or hot standby.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_e66a722d-aa47-4e20-b278-07d026c3d6cd"><b>DHCPv6 stateless client
inventory</b>: An inventory of stateless clients being serviced by the DHCPv6
server, maintained in the persistent store.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_b0276eb2-4e65-4cf1-a718-e0920a614aca"><b>domain</b>: A set of users
and computers sharing a common namespace and management infrastructure. At
least one computer member of the set must act as a </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">domain controller (DC)</a> and
host a member list that identifies all members of the domain, as well as
optionally hosting the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e467d927-17bf-49c9-98d1-96ddf61ddd90">Active
Directory</a> service. The domain controller provides authentication of
members, creating a unit of trust for its members. Each domain has an
identifier that is shared among its members. For more information, see <mshelp:link keywords="953d700a-57cb-4cf7-b0c3-a64f34581cc9" tabindex="0">[MS-AUTHSOD]</mshelp:link>
section 1.1.1.5 and [MS-ADTS].</p>

<p><a id="gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd"><b>domain controller (DC)</b>:
The service, running on a server, that implements </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e467d927-17bf-49c9-98d1-96ddf61ddd90">Active Directory</a>, or the server
hosting this service. The service hosts the data store for objects and
interoperates with other <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DCs</a>
to ensure that a local change to an object replicates correctly across all <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DCs</a>. When <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e467d927-17bf-49c9-98d1-96ddf61ddd90">Active Directory</a> is
operating as Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS), the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DC</a> contains full NC
replicas of the configuration naming context (config NC), schema naming context
(schema NC), and one of the domain NCs in its forest. If the AD DS <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DC</a> is a global catalog
server (GC server), it contains partial NC replicas of the remaining domain NCs
in its forest. For more information, see [MS-AUTHSOD] section 1.1.1.5.2 and
[MS-ADTS]. When <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e467d927-17bf-49c9-98d1-96ddf61ddd90">Active
Directory</a> is operating as Active Directory Lightweight Directory Services
(AD LDS), several AD LDS <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DCs</a>
can run on one server. When <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e467d927-17bf-49c9-98d1-96ddf61ddd90">Active
Directory</a> is operating as AD DS, only one AD DS <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DC</a> can run on one server.
However, several AD LDS <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DCs</a>
can coexist with one AD DS <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DC</a>
on one server. The AD LDS <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DC</a>
contains full NC replicas of the config NC and the schema NC in its forest. The
domain controller is the server side of Authentication Protocol Domain Support <mshelp:link keywords="dd444344-fd7e-430e-b313-7e95ab9c338e" tabindex="0">[MS-APDS]</mshelp:link>.</p>

<p><a id="gt_604dcfcd-72f5-46e5-85c1-f3ce69956700"><b>Domain Name System (DNS)</b>:
A hierarchical, distributed database that contains mappings of domain names to
various types of data, such as IP addresses. DNS enables the location of
computers and services by user-friendly names, and it also enables the
discovery of other information stored in the database.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_5c7b5d18-30dd-40fd-ac3e-a323f5663f51"><b>DUID</b>: A DHCP unique
identifier that is used to identify DHCPv6 clients and servers, as specified in
</a><a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90417">[RFC3315]</a>
section 9.</p>

<p><a id="gt_06dde11c-7929-4f48-a1c7-f48fb71e8341"><b>Dynamic Host Configuration
Protocol (DHCP)</b>: A protocol that provides a framework for passing
configuration information to hosts on a TCP/IP network, as described in </a><a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90318">[RFC2131]</a>.</p>

<p><a id="gt_472f97f2-82ec-4623-8e46-d348a7984967"><b>event</b>: A discrete unit of
historical data that an application exposes that may be relevant to other applications.
An example of an event would be a particular user logging on to the computer.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_7e25fd42-6987-4ed9-b795-a59dbd688cc6"><b>event descriptor</b>: A
structure indicating the kind of </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_472f97f2-82ec-4623-8e46-d348a7984967">event</a>. For example, a user
logging on to the computer could be one kind of <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_472f97f2-82ec-4623-8e46-d348a7984967">event</a>, while a user logging
off would be another, and these <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_472f97f2-82ec-4623-8e46-d348a7984967">events</a> could be indicated
by using distinct <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_7e25fd42-6987-4ed9-b795-a59dbd688cc6">event
descriptors</a>.</p>

<p><a id="gt_bb3fad7e-60bf-46d4-9c3f-7caea47a743e"><b>event log</b>: A collection
of records, each of which corresponds to an event.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_edce565a-e2b7-40df-ab78-cbb3a49ff3bd"><b>EventID</b>: An integer
indicating the type of </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_472f97f2-82ec-4623-8e46-d348a7984967">event</a>.
For example, a user logging on to the computer could be one type of <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_472f97f2-82ec-4623-8e46-d348a7984967">event</a> while a user logging
off would be another type; and these <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_472f97f2-82ec-4623-8e46-d348a7984967">events</a> could be indicated
by using distinct <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_edce565a-e2b7-40df-ab78-cbb3a49ff3bd">EventIDs</a>.</p>

<p><a id="gt_64d30865-9640-4009-a80a-861966749767"><b>exclusion range</b>: The
range of IP addresses in a </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_128cd76b-eecb-41e6-96f7-f73c2bf9235a">scope</a> that are not given
out to DHCP clients.</p>

<p><a id="gt_2993684a-cc67-43b9-9bb5-185df1582055"><b>forward lookup DNS zone</b>:
A zone that consists of pointer (PTR) resource records that provide a mapping
of DNS host names to their corresponding IP addresses.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_1769aec9-237e-44ed-9014-1abb3ec6de6e"><b>fully qualified domain name
(FQDN)</b>: An unambiguous domain name that gives an absolute location in the </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_604dcfcd-72f5-46e5-85c1-f3ce69956700">Domain Name System's (DNS)</a>
hierarchy tree, as defined in <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90264">[RFC1035]</a> section 3.1
and <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=127732">[RFC2181]</a>
section 11.</p>

<p><a id="gt_f49694cc-c350-462d-ab8e-816f0103c6c1"><b>globally unique identifier
(GUID)</b>: A term used interchangeably with universally unique identifier
(UUID) in Microsoft protocol technical documents (TDs). Interchanging the usage
of these terms does not imply or require a specific algorithm or mechanism to
generate the value. Specifically, the use of this term does not imply or
require that the algorithms described in </a><a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90460">[RFC4122]</a> or <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=89824">[C706]</a> must be used
for generating the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_f49694cc-c350-462d-ab8e-816f0103c6c1">GUID</a>.
See also universally unique identifier (UUID).</p>

<p><a id="gt_6e4399bc-403f-4904-a7b6-e2750f9a3a74"><b>initiating operation</b>: A
WSDL operation that is the first operation sent by the client.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_0f25c9b5-dc73-4c3e-9433-f09d1f62ea8e"><b>Internet Protocol version 4
(IPv4)</b>: An Internet protocol that has 32-bit source and destination
addresses. IPv4 is the predecessor of IPv6.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_64c29bb6-c8b2-4281-9f3a-c1eb5d2288aa"><b>Internet Protocol version 6
(IPv6)</b>: A revised version of the Internet Protocol (IP) designed to address
growth on the Internet. Improvements include a 128-bit IP address size,
expanded routing capabilities, and support for authentication and privacy.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_fa5b5a32-b17b-4e3e-93be-81156c0a88e7"><b>IP address audit</b>: The
information that provides the various activities pertaining to the usage of an
IP address on a device or a host.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_e539b1cc-ba28-4194-b208-5bdcb1564d03"><b>IP address block</b>: A
container defined using the network number as defined in [RFC1519], and prefix
length that can be used to organize the overall IP address space in any
network. An IP address block can have other IP address blocks as child blocks
to define smaller containers that can be used to organize a smaller portion of
the same address space.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_0f2fa478-a30a-4826-a9e1-985139e9741a"><b>IP address block utilization</b>:
The utilization information calculated as the aggregate size of the assigned
address space and utilized address space belonging to an IP address block.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_c78988d2-5d9e-4f91-a968-a1e61f37cca1"><b>IP address range</b>: A range
of contiguous IP address that is part of an IP address space and is assigned
for use in various elements of the network in the form of assigned address
space. An IP address range is typically configured as a DHCP scope on a DHCP
server or as a static address pool for static address assignment to devices and
hosts.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_cc94eb91-f4f1-4e47-8260-49fec6096d45"><b>IP address range utilization</b>:
The size of the utilized address space of an IP address range.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_7e4a7acb-fc83-42b1-8580-9a7aee22edf8"><b>IP address space</b>: The set
of all possible Internet addresses or any contiguous subset of Internet
addresses.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_890cb200-c075-4746-81c2-120c9990d2fa"><b>IP subnet</b>: A logical
subdivision of an IP network.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_80532eaf-7971-48de-a299-c5e214deead6"><b>IPAM Administrators</b>:
Users who have the privileges to view all IPAM data and perform all IPAM tasks.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_2e3df487-ff41-4d72-ae2f-d9d02757a5df"><b>IPAM ASM Administrators</b>:
Users who are in the IPAM Users IPAM security group and have the privileges to
perform the add and modify address space management operations. Such users are
Address Space Management (ASM) Administrators.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_f0f8b247-0af9-45c2-9830-30bd92bb9dea"><b>IPAM configuration audit</b>:
The configuration audit generated for the IPAM-specific configuration changes
performed on the IPAM server.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_1ebbf4e0-d234-4732-a83d-022081131cea"><b>IPAM data store</b>: The
database used by the IPAM server to store data relevant for address space
management, including information from DHCP and DNS server instances.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_800768c6-b7c3-4e12-8f51-5a0d92474548"><b>IPAM IP Audit Administrators</b>:
Users who are in the IPAM Users IPAM security group and have the privileges to
view IP address audit information.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_9b3b1e2d-b5d2-4662-95f2-c0caedbac94a"><b>IPAM MSM Administrators</b>:
Users who are in the IPAM Users IPAM security group and have the privileges to
manage DHCP and DNS server instance-specific information. Such users are Multi
Server Management (MSM) Administrators.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_3a29f031-08e8-4e0f-8c5f-81d3d6e4e3d5"><b>IPAM security groups</b>: The
security principals, as groups of users segregated by role. The IPAM server
uses these groups to provide role-based access control over various features of
IPAM. The IPAM security groups include IPAM Administrators, IPAM ASM
Administrators, IPAM MSM Administrators, IPAM IP Audit Administrators, and IPAM
Users.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_78fcaeac-7ed6-41a3-ae67-1d76d9e6c365"><b>IPAM server</b>: The machine
implementing the IPAM management protocol server.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_510cdef8-87a5-47dd-a9a3-fce95a316af0"><b>IPAM Users</b>: Users who
have the privileges to view all information in IPAM data store except the IP
address audit information.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_e6d76b31-2852-4bd5-8fbb-8e82a3cedb29"><b>lease record</b>: An entry in
the DHCP server database that defines the IP address that is leased out to a
client. The record includes details about the IP address bound to the client,
and also contains a collection of other configuration parameters.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_a0ebb16b-99de-4d7f-82f0-b08524eaa1dc"><b>logical group</b>: A
user-defined hierarchical classification of objects such as IP addresses, IP
address ranges, and active servers in the IPAM data store. It is a collection
of multivalued custom fields that form the various levels of the hierarchy.
Each level of the hierarchy contains the possible values of the custom field at
that level.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_9245824f-c170-4e57-9308-4fa04519c3a4"><b>logical group hierarchy</b>:
A hierarchy of custom field values generated from a logical group definition.
The logical group defines the custom field used to generate a particular level
in the hierarchy. The values of the custom field form the nodes at that
particular level.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_bc7b8eba-f450-40ae-bacf-8c29b28d094c"><b>logical group node</b>: A
specific node in the logical group hierarchy. The set of custom field values in
the logical group hierarchy from the node to the root of the hierarchy form a
criteria. The data that have custom fields associated with them, such as
addresses, address ranges, and servers, can be queried for a logical group
node. The data that contains all of the custom field values that form the
hierarchy for the logical group node are considered to meet the criteria for
the logical group node.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_a80df3b8-7f71-4445-baf5-f8c0235a41ef"><b>logical network</b>: A
built-in custom field in IPAM that is used to specify the logical (physical)
network information.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_acc6da41-9eaa-4f40-8968-1b208f66e1c1"><b>management server</b>: The
server endpoint of the IPAM Management Protocol.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_7867c18b-a182-4ea1-8f7d-a2627f419c5e"><b>Network Policy Server (NPS)</b>:
For Windows Server 2008 operating system, NPS replaces the Internet
Authentication Service (IAS) in Windows Server 2003 operating system. NPS acts as
a health policy server for the following technologies: Internet Protocol
security (IPsec) for host-based authentication, IEEE 802.1X authenticated
network connections, Virtual private networks (VPNs) for remote access, and
Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP).</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_c16be3f9-b495-4e59-acd5-39966e0f1961"><b>network site</b>: A built-in
custom field in IPAM that is used to specify the Network site (an entity of a
logical network).</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_da9bfcf7-a7e0-4cf0-ac87-ffdd83a5f25b"><b>option definition</b>:
Defines an option for a </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_45d20b00-7166-4f94-b679-4cc5a7835a3a">vendor
class</a>. The definition consists of two parts: an <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_da219357-8687-4b43-b32d-fafdf71af714">option ID</a> and an option
name.</p>

<p><a id="gt_da219357-8687-4b43-b32d-fafdf71af714"><b>option ID</b>: A unique
integer value used to identify a specific option </a><a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90319">[RFC2132]</a>.</p>

<p><a id="gt_ca9b17a6-e7db-4ada-99f2-82257fa92ecb"><b>option type</b>: The data
format type used for the value of a specific DHCP option value, as specified in
[MS-DHCPM] section 2.2.1.1.10. The option definition can contain option values
in various format types. Options can be of type BYTE,  WORD,  DWORD, 
DWORD_DWORD,  IP Address, Unicode String,  Binary, or Encapsulated binary
format.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_6ba5fec5-46ff-4939-ba74-50194bbeac2d"><b>partner DHCP server</b>: A
server which forms the DHCP failover relationship with the primary DHCP server.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_2f7b2f56-c851-40a8-a65f-bd640fdd4e78"><b>provisioning</b>: The process
of initially configuring the IPAM data store, which includes configuring the
IPAM database, creating IPAM security groups, and configuring IPAM tasks.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_4e525014-9425-4eb0-9141-61189c4f04f9"><b>reservation</b>: An IP
address that is reserved on the DHCP server for assignment to a specific client
based on its hardware address. A reservation is used to ensure that a specific
DHCP client is always assigned the same IP address.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_b2e3f10e-2470-43f4-9287-cebf9b8dba89"><b>reverse lookup DNS zone</b>:
A zone consisting of pointer (PTR) records that provide a mapping of host IP
addresses to their corresponding DNS host names.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_05109c06-2003-4e9d-afd4-dd6341e3d6fc"><b>role-based access control</b>:
The concept of authorizing a user to perform an operation based on the set of
user roles and corresponding access scopes that are assigned to that user.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_9e010c42-1f32-4691-a335-8164995a9482"><b>schema conversion</b>: The
process of changing or upgrading the IPAM data store schema when the version of
the IPAM server or the IPAM data store changes.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_128cd76b-eecb-41e6-96f7-f73c2bf9235a"><b>scope</b>: A range of IP
addresses and associated configuration options that are allocated to DHCP
clients in a specific subnet.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_6bb6ffcf-2a22-4989-89ef-6c9937f91b8b"><b>security account manager
(SAM) built-in database</b>: The part of the user account database that
contains account information (such as account names and passwords) for accounts
and groups that are pre-created at the database installation.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_83f2020d-0804-4840-a5ac-e06439d50f8d"><b>security identifier (SID)</b>:
An identifier for security principals that is used to identify an account or a
group. Conceptually, the </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_83f2020d-0804-4840-a5ac-e06439d50f8d">SID</a>
is composed of an account authority portion (typically a <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_b0276eb2-4e65-4cf1-a718-e0920a614aca">domain</a>) and a smaller
integer representing an identity relative to the account authority, termed the
relative identifier (RID). The <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_83f2020d-0804-4840-a5ac-e06439d50f8d">SID</a> format is specified in <mshelp:link keywords="cca27429-5689-4a16-b2b4-9325d93e4ba2" tabindex="0">[MS-DTYP]</mshelp:link>
section 2.4.2; a string representation of <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_83f2020d-0804-4840-a5ac-e06439d50f8d">SIDs</a> is specified in
[MS-DTYP] section 2.4.2 and <mshelp:link keywords="5a0a0a3e-c7a7-42e1-b5f2-cc8d8bd9739e" tabindex="0">[MS-AZOD]</mshelp:link>
section 1.1.1.2.</p>

<p><a id="gt_585b8697-30d5-4431-be5b-5a78e4a63c20"><b>server role</b>: Any of the
services that can be provided by a host, including DHCP server, DNS server, </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_7867c18b-a182-4ea1-8f7d-a2627f419c5e">Network Policy Server (NPS)</a>,
and domain controllers.</p>

<p><a id="gt_2dc07ca2-2b40-437e-a5ec-ed28ebfb116a"><b>service</b>: A process or
agent that is available on the network, offering resources or services for
clients. Examples of services include file servers, web servers, and so on.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_8abdc986-5679-42d9-ad76-b11eb5a0daba"><b>site</b>: A collection of one
or more well-connected (reliable and fast) TCP/IP subnets. By defining </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_8abdc986-5679-42d9-ad76-b11eb5a0daba">sites</a> (represented by site
objects) an administrator can optimize both <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e467d927-17bf-49c9-98d1-96ddf61ddd90">Active Directory</a> access and
<a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e467d927-17bf-49c9-98d1-96ddf61ddd90">Active Directory</a>
replication with respect to the physical network. When users log in, <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e467d927-17bf-49c9-98d1-96ddf61ddd90">Active Directory</a> clients
find <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">domain controllers
(DCs)</a> that are in the same <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_8abdc986-5679-42d9-ad76-b11eb5a0daba">site</a> as the user, or near
the same <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_8abdc986-5679-42d9-ad76-b11eb5a0daba">site</a> if there
is no <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DC</a> in the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_8abdc986-5679-42d9-ad76-b11eb5a0daba">site</a>. See also Knowledge
Consistency Checker (KCC). For more information, see [MS-ADTS].</p>

<p><a id="gt_c1358651-96c1-4ce0-8e1f-b0b7a94145e3"><b>SOAP action</b>: The HTTP
request header field used to indicate the intent of the SOAP request, using a </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e18af8e8-01d7-4f91-8a1e-0fb21b191f95">URI</a> value. See <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90520">[SOAP1.1]</a> section
6.1.1 for more information.</p>

<p><a id="gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f"><b>SOAP fault</b>: A container
for error and status information within a </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_96185df3-4677-478c-b239-f72fcf514c59">SOAP message</a>. See <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=94664">[SOAP1.2-1/2007]</a>
section 5.4 for more information.</p>

<p><a id="gt_96185df3-4677-478c-b239-f72fcf514c59"><b>SOAP message</b>: An XML
document consisting of a mandatory SOAP envelope, an optional SOAP header, and
a mandatory SOAP body. See [SOAP1.2-1/2007] section 5 for more information.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_e6a800ef-fd8a-4d87-834c-131e58f304ea"><b>subnet ID</b>: An ID
generated by the Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) server. The IPv4 </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e6a800ef-fd8a-4d87-834c-131e58f304ea">subnet ID</a> is generated by
the DHCP server by performing the binary AND operation on the subnet IPv4
address and the IPv4 subnet mask. The IPv6 prefix ID is generated by the DHCP
server by converting the least significant 64 bits of the IPv6 address to 0.</p>

<p><a id="gt_740b149e-e6b4-49f5-bc16-e03ff41def7f"><b>task</b>: An object
identifying an administrative action (for example, running a program) to be
performed on specified </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_5245e0f1-e443-4a8b-968c-61c736f61fe0">triggers</a>
and conditions (for example, every day at a specific time). Synonym for job.</p>

<p><a id="gt_6ae78883-639e-44c6-96d7-617ef44e1b44"><b>tenant</b>: A built-in custom
field in IPAM that is used to specify the tenant machine.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_5245e0f1-e443-4a8b-968c-61c736f61fe0"><b>trigger</b>: A change of
state (for example, reaching a specific time of day) that signals when a </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_740b149e-e6b4-49f5-bc16-e03ff41def7f">task</a> is to run. A <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_740b149e-e6b4-49f5-bc16-e03ff41def7f">task</a> runs when any of its <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_5245e0f1-e443-4a8b-968c-61c736f61fe0">triggers</a> and all of its
conditions are satisfied.</p>

<p><a id="gt_e18af8e8-01d7-4f91-8a1e-0fb21b191f95"><b>Uniform Resource Identifier
(URI)</b>: A string that identifies a resource. The URI is an addressing
mechanism defined in Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) Uniform Resource
Identifier (URI): Generic Syntax </a><a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90453">[RFC3986]</a>.</p>

<p><a id="gt_433a4fb7-ef84-46b0-ab65-905f5e3a80b1"><b>Uniform Resource Locator
(URL)</b>: A string of characters in a standardized format that identifies a
document or resource on the World Wide Web. The format is as specified in </a><a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90287">[RFC1738]</a>.</p>

<p><a id="gt_f5e1383b-71de-402e-82c1-11a981b310cd"><b>user access policy</b>: A
policy that defines an operation and the access scope for which the operation
is allowed for a specific user. The user is allowed to perform an operation
only if the access policy for the user allows it.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_713c7395-9431-4d67-bab1-a069ae7461e2"><b>user class</b>: User defined
classes which contain user specific DHCP options. A default </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_713c7395-9431-4d67-bab1-a069ae7461e2">user class</a> is
implementation dependent.</p>

<p><a id="gt_5d2ed62e-6d73-4b4c-a20b-45557fd84370"><b>user role</b>: A container
that is used to group together a set of IPAM operations and can be assigned to
a user.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_45d20b00-7166-4f94-b679-4cc5a7835a3a"><b>vendor class</b>: User
defined classes that contain vendor-specific DHCP options. A default </a><a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_45d20b00-7166-4f94-b679-4cc5a7835a3a">vendor class</a> is
implementation defined.</p>

<p><a id="gt_c160317e-116d-461f-801c-b6b3b5a32479"><b>VMNetwork</b>: A built-in
custom field in IPAM that is used to specify the virtualized network.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_61056d88-e7ee-4cea-8dcd-80a9ef5db083"><b>WSDL port type</b>: A named
set of logically-related, abstract Web Services Description Language (WSDL)
operations and messages.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_e6a86700-c17d-4513-8f4f-5aacaff014df"><b>zone</b>: A domain namespace
is divided up into several sections called zones </a><a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90263">[RFC1034]</a> and
[RFC2181]. A <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e6a86700-c17d-4513-8f4f-5aacaff014df">zone</a>
represents authority over a portion of the DNS namespace, excluding any
subzones that are below delegations.</p>

<p><b>MAY,
SHOULD, MUST, SHOULD NOT, MUST NOT:</b> These terms (in all caps) are used as
defined in <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90317">[RFC2119]</a>.
All statements of optional behavior use either MAY, SHOULD, or SHOULD NOT.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>