<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.141 DhcpScope</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The DhcpScope complex type specifies the details associated
with a DHCP scope.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;DhcpScope&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AccessScopeId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Description&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpDiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsNameProtectionStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpDnsNameProtectionStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsUpdateType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpDnsUpdateType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;EndAddress&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ExclusionRanges&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpExclusionRangeCollection&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsInheritedAccessScope&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;NumberOfActiveLeases&quot; type=&quot;xsd:double&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Options&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpOptionCollection&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ParentDhcpServerRecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;PrefixLength&quot; type=&quot;xsd:int&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ScopeId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ScopeName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;StartAddress&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Status&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpScopeStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SubnetMask&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;TotalNumberOfAddressesInScope&quot; type=&quot;xsd:double&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;TotalNumberOfExcludedAddressesInScope&quot; type=&quot;xsd:double&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
  
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>AccessScopeId</b>: Specifies the unique identifier
corresponding to the access scope for this DHCP scope.</p>

<p><b>Description</b>: The description for the DHCP
scope.</p>

<p><b>DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus</b>:
Specifies the DNS operation to be performed when the address lease expires and
the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e6d76b31-2852-4bd5-8fbb-8e82a3cedb29">lease record</a> gets
deleted.</p>

<p><b>DnsNameProtectionStatus</b>: Specifies the setting
of DNS name protection for the scope. See <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=125431">[RFC4701]</a> for
information on the name protection.</p>

<p><b>DnsUpdateType</b>: Specifies the dynamic DNS
registration settings associated with the DHCP scope.</p>

<p><b>EndAddress</b>: Specifies the end address of the
address range specified by the scope. </p>

<p><b>ExclusionRanges</b>: Specifies the collection of
DHCP exclusion ranges associated with the scope.</p>

<p><b>IsInheritedAccessScope:</b> A Boolean field that
specifies whether the access scope for this object is an inherited one.</p>

<p><b>NumberOfActiveLeases</b>: Specifies the number of
active leases associated with the scope.</p>

<p><b>Options</b>: Specifies the collection DHCP options
associated with the scope.</p>

<p><b>ParentDhcpServerRecordId</b>: Specifies the <b>RecordId</b>
of the DHCP server instance against which the scope instance is defined.</p>

<p><b>PrefixLength</b>: Specifies the prefix length
associated with the subnet mask that defines the scope.</p>

<p><b>RecordId</b>: Specifies the unique identifier for
the data in the IPAM data store.</p>

<p><b>ScopeId</b>: Specifies the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e6a800ef-fd8a-4d87-834c-131e58f304ea">subnet ID</a> of the referenced
DHCP scope.</p>

<p><b>ScopeName</b>: Specifies the name of the DHCP
scope.</p>

<p><b>StartAddress</b>: Specifies the start address of
the address range specified by the scope.</p>

<p><b>Status</b>: Specifies whether the scope instance
is activated or deactivated.</p>

<p><b>SubnetMask</b>: Specifies the end IP address for
the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_c78988d2-5d9e-4f91-a968-a1e61f37cca1">IP address range</a>
configured on the referenced DHCP scope.</p>

<p><b>TotalNumberOfAddressesInScope</b>: Specifies the
total number of addresses in the scope address range. This value MUST NOT be
less than 0.</p>

<p><b>TotalNumberOfExcludedAddressesInScope</b>:
Specifies the total number of excluded addresses in the exclusion ranges of the
scope. This value MUST NOT be less than 0.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>