<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.119 ManuallyAddServer</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is used to manually add server instance
information into the IPAM data store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;ManuallyAddServer&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/ManuallyAddServer&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_ManuallyAddServer_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/ManuallyAddServerResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_ManuallyAddServer_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the
IIpamServer_ManuallyAddServer_InputMessage request message, the server performs
the following processing steps. Upon successful completion of these steps, the
server MUST respond with the IIpamServer_ManuallyAddServer_OutputMessage. In
the event of a failure, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a> MUST be sent to
the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
ManuallyAddServer.serverInfo is NULL, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be
generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
ManuallyAddServer.serverInfo using the steps listed under ValidateServerInfo
(section <a href="3ac50a87-2d67-4112-ad1b-0d02f1fec791.md">3.1.4.12</a>),
passing ManuallyAddServer.serverInfo as Param_serverInfo. If one or more
validations fail, an appropriate SOAP fault is generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
ManuallyAddServer.serverInfo.ServerGuid is not specified or empty, an
appropriate SOAP fault is generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Look up the row
in <b>ADM_ServersTable</b> whose ServerGuid is same as
ManuallyAddServer.serverInfo.ServerGuid. If they are the same, an appropriate
SOAP fault MUST be generated since a server that already exists cannot be
added.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Insert a new row
into <b>ADM_ServersTable</b> using the ManuallyAddServer.serverInfo data.
Assign the <b>RecordId</b> generated to ManuallyAddServerResponse.ManuallyAddServerResult.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each
ServerRole in ManuallyAddServer.serverInfo.ServerRoleCollection, add an entry
into <b>ADM_ServerRolesTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
ManuallyAddServer.serverInfo.ServerCustomDataCollection is specified, perform
the processing rules in ValidateCustomFieldValues (section <a href="a825594b-2918-4b06-b18f-c0d9c753631e.md">3.1.4.6</a>) by passing
ManuallyAddServer.serverInfo.ServerCustomDataCollection. If it is valid, call
the procedure SetCustomFieldValues in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>,
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Param_ObjectType is set to EnumerationObjectType.ServerInfo.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Param_addressFamily is not set to any value as ServerInfo is address
family agnostic information.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Param_ObjectRecordId is set to ManuallyAddServerResponse.ManuallyAddServerResult.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Param_CustomFieldValuesCollection is assigned the value of
ManuallyAddServer.serverInfo.ServerCustomDataCollection.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>