<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.5.91 ServerInfoGetServerFilter</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This simple type is an enumeration that specifies the
various types of filter criteria that can be applied while enumerating the
ServerInfo data from the IPAM data store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:simpleType name=&quot;ServerInfoGetServerFilter&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:restriction base=&quot;xsd:string&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IPSubnet&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;RecordId&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;Guid&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;Role&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;ManagementStatus&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;Name&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IpType&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;MultipleRole&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;Fqdn&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;/xs:restriction&gt;
 &lt;/xs:simpleType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>The following table describes the various values of this
type.</p>

<table>
 <thead>
 <tr>
 <th>
 <p>Value</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Description</p>
 </th>
 </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPSubnet</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Filter server information based on the specified IP
 subnet of the network interface addresses of the server.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>RecordId</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Filter server information based on the <b>RecordId</b>.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>Guid</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Filter server information based on the server GUID.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>Role</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Filter server information based on the server role
 type.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ManagementStatus</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Filter server information based on the specified
 server manageability status.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>Name</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Filter server information based on the name of the
 server.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IpType</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Filter server information based on the IpType of the
 network interface address of the server.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>MultipleRole</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Filter server information based on if the server has a
 single server role or multiple server roles running on it.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>Fqdn</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Filter server information based on the server FQDN.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>