<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.3 Miscellaneous Global States</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p><b>ADM_IsIPAMConfigured: </b> This is a Boolean type
state that stores the current configuration state of the management server. If
the value is TRUE, that means <b>ADM_IPAMDataStore</b> and <b>ADM_IPAMSecurityGroups</b>
are already configured. Otherwise the IPAM server is yet to be provisioned for
management purpose.</p>

<p><b>ADM_IsIPAMProvisioningInProgress: </b> This is a
Boolean type state that stores the information on whether the IPAM data store
provisioning is currently underway or not. There can be only one session active
at any given time that is performing a <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_9e010c42-1f32-4691-a335-8164995a9482">schema conversion</a>. This
will be initialized to FALSE.</p>

<p><b>ADM_IsSchemaConversionRequired: </b> This is a
Boolean type state that stores the information on whether the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_1ebbf4e0-d234-4732-a83d-022081131cea">IPAM data store</a> requires a
schema conversion or not. If the value is TRUE, it means the schema conversion
is required before the management operations can be performed. If the value is
FALSE and the <b>ADM_IsIPAMConfigured</b> is TRUE, the management server is
ready to service the management operation requests from the management client.</p>

<p><b>ADM_IsSchemaConversionInProgress: </b> This is a
Boolean type state that stores the information on whether the schema conversion
activity is currently underway or not. There can be only one session active at
any given time that is performing the schema conversion. This will be
initialized to FALSE.</p>

<p><b>ADM_IsAuditPurgeInProgress: </b> This is a Boolean
type state that stores the information on whether the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_cd2b5b2a-c1bf-48fb-8945-35e6f812f20c">audit purge</a> operation is
currently in progress or not. This will be initialized to FALSE.</p>

<p><b>ADM_KeepaliveGraceCountInitialValue: </b> This is
an integer value specifying the initial value of the <b>ADM_KeepaliveGraceCount</b>.
This will also be the value the ADM_KeepaliveGraceCount will be reset to when
there is a message received during the duration between two consecutive expiry
of the <b>InactivityTimer</b>. The default value of this is 3<a id="Appendix_A_Target_78"></a><a href="3b257e05-6300-4286-a090-0f9949d290bf.md#Appendix_A_78" aria-label="Product behavior note 78">&lt;78&gt;</a>. </p>

<p><b>ADM_ManagedByCustomFieldId: </b> This is a 64-bit
record identifier of the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_919531d5-10dd-47b6-aacc-7195c0294372">built-in
custom field</a> <b>BuiltinCustomField.ManagedBy</b>. This is initialized
during the management server initialization. This is not a persisted value but
is computed from the <b>ADM_CustomFieldsTable</b> during initialization.</p>

<p><b>ADM_ManagedByEntityCustomFieldId: </b> This is a
64-bit record identifier of the built-in custom field <b>BuiltinCustomField.ManagedByEntity</b>.
This is initialized during the management server initialization. This is not a
persisted value but is computed from the <b>ADM_CustomFieldsTable</b> during
initialization.</p>

<p><b>ADM_TenantCustomFieldId: </b> This is a 64-bit record
identifier of the built-in custom field <b>BuiltinCustomField.Tenant</b>. This
is initialized during the management server initialization. This is not a
persisted value but is computed from the <b>ADM_CustomFieldsTable</b> during
initialization.</p>

<p><b>ADM_VMNetworkCustomFieldId</b>: This is a 64-bit
record identifier of the built-in custom field <b>BuiltinCustomField.VmNetwork</b>.
This is initialized during the management server initialization. This is not a
persisted value but is computed from the <b>ADM_CustomFieldsTable</b> during
initialization.</p>

<p><b>ADM_IsolationMethodCustomFieldId</b>: This is a
64-bit record identifier of the built-in custom field <b>BuiltinCustomField.IsolationMethod</b>.
This is initialized during the management server initialization. This is not a
persisted value but is computed from the <b>ADM_CustomFieldsTable</b> during
initialization.</p>

<p><b>ADM_LogicalNetworkCustomFieldId</b>: This is a
64-bit record identifier of the built-in custom field <b>BuiltinCustomField.LogicalNetwork</b>.
This is initialized during the management server initialization. This is not a
persisted value but is computed from the <b>ADM_CustomFieldsTable</b> during
initialization.</p>

<p><b>ADM_NetworkSiteCustomFieldId</b>: This is a 64-bit
record identifier of the built-in custom field <b>BuiltinCustomField.NetworkSite</b>.
This is initialized during the management server initialization. This is not a
persisted value but is computed from the <b>ADM_CustomFieldsTable</b> during
initialization.</p>

<p><b>ADM_IPAMDeploymentType</b>: This is a string that
represents the mode in which the IPAM Server has been provisioned. This can have
values NONE, MANUAL, AUTOMATIC. This is initialized during the management
server initialization. This is not a persisted value but is computed from the <b>ADM_CommonPropertiesTable.ProvisioningMode</b>
during initialization.</p>

<p><b>ADM_IPAMGpoPrefix</b>: This is a string that
represents the GPO prefix that was specified while provisioning the IPAM Server
in Automatic mode. This is initialized during the management server
initialization. This is not a persisted value but is computed from the <b>ADM_CommonPropertiesTable.GpoPrefix</b>
during initialization.</p>

<p><b>ADM_IPAMServerVersion</b>: This is a string that
represents the schema version that the IPAM Server can work with. The string
follows the format of &quot;a.b.c.d&quot; where a,b,c,d are integers. This is a
persisted value.</p>

<p><b>ADM_IPAMSchemaVersion</b>: This is a string that
represents the schema version that the IPAM Server can work with. The string
follows the format of &quot;a.b.c.d&quot; where a,b,c,d are integers. This is
initialized during the management server initialization. This is not a persisted
value but is computed from the <b>ADM_CommonPropertiesTable.DatabaseSchemaVersion</b>
during initialization.</p>

<p><b>ADM_IPAMTargetSchemaVersion</b>: This is a string
that represents the schema version that the IPAM Server can work with. The
string follows the format of &quot;a.b.c.d&quot; where a,b,c,d are integers.
This is initialized during the management server initialization. This is not a
persisted value but is computed from the <b>ADM_IPAMServerVersion</b> during
initialization only if <b>ADM_IsSchemaConversionRequired</b> is set to TRUE.</p>

<p><b>ADM_IsUtilizationPurgeInProgress: </b>This is a
Boolean type state that stores the information on whether the utilization 
purge operation is currently in progress or not. This will be initialized to
FALSE.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>