<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.5.79 PolicyOperations</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This simple type is an enumeration that specifies the set of
operations that can be performed on a DHCP policy.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:simpleType name=&quot;PolicyOperations&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:restriction base=&quot;xsd:string&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PolicyCreate&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PolicyAddRange&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PolicyAddOptions&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PolicyRemoveRange&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PolicyCoreSet&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PolicyRemove&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PolicySetDnsProperties&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PartnerPolicyCreate&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PartnerPolicyAddRange&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PartnerPolicyAddOptions&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PartnerPolicyRemoveRange&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PartnerPolicyCoreSet&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PartnerPolicyRemove&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PartnerPolicySetDnsProperties&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;/xs:restriction&gt;
 &lt;/xs:simpleType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>The following table specifies the valid values for this
type.</p>

<table>
 <thead>
 <tr>
 <th>
 <p>Value</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Description</p>
 </th>
 </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PolicyCreate</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>A new policy has to be created.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PolicyAddRange</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>An address range needs to be added to a policy.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PolicyAddOptions</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Options need to be added to a policy.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PolicyRemoveRange</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>An address range needs to be removed from a policy.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PolicyCoreSet</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Policy core properties (for example, policy name) need
 to be set.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PolicyRemove</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>A policy needs to be removed.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PolicySetDnsProperties</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>DNS properties need to be set on a policy.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PartnerPolicyCreate</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>A new policy for the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_6ba5fec5-46ff-4939-ba74-50194bbeac2d">partner DHCP server</a> has
 to be created.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PartnerPolicyAddRange</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>An address range needs to be added to a policy of the
 partner DHCP server.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PartnerPolicyAddOptions</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Options need to be added to a policy of the partner
 DHCP server.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PartnerPolicyRemoveRange</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>An address range needs to be removed from a policy of
 the partner DHCP server.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PartnerPolicyCoreSet</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Policy core properties (for example, policy name) need
 to be set for the partner DHCP server.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PartnerPolicyRemove</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>A policy of the partner DHCP server needs to be
 removed.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PartnerPolicySetDnsProperties</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>DNS properties need to be set on the partner DHCP
 server policy.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>