<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.30.2.2 MovePolicyProcessingOrder</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure uses the IIpamOperationWithProgressCallback
interface to provide the details of subtasks, their completion status and
overall completion status for the operation to the management client. </p>

<p>This procedure is used to change the processing order of a
policy that can be associated to either a DHCP scope or a DHCP server.</p>

<p>The following are the input parameters to this procedure:</p>

<p><b>Param_Policy</b>: Policy Object</p>

<p><b>Param_ProcessingDirection</b>: Of type
PolicyProcessingOrderDirection</p>

<p>There is no output from this procedure.</p>

<p>The following are the processing steps involved:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up the row
Policy1 in the <b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable</b> that has the same PolicyId as
Param_Policy.PolicyId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
Param_ProcessingDirection value is PolicyProcessingOrderDirection.up, then look
up the row Policy2 in the <b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable</b> that meets the following
criteria:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Server is equal to Param_Policy.Server.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If Param_Policy.Level is PolicyLevel.scopeLevel then Scope is equal to
Param_Policy.Scope.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>ProcessingOrder is equal to (Param_Policy.ProcessingOrder – 1).</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If
Param_ProcessingDirection value is PolicyProcessingOrderDirection.down, then
look up the row Policy2 in the <b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable</b> that meets the
following criteria:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Server is equal to Param_Policy.Server.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If Param_Policy.Level is PolicyLevel.scopeLevel, then Scope is equal to
Param_Policy.Scope.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>ProcessingOrder is equal to (Param_Policy.ProcessingOrder + 1).</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the row
Policy2 is found, then swap the Policy1.ProcessingOrder and
Policy2.ProcessingOrder.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>