<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.85 CustomFieldValue</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The CustomFieldValue complex type specifies a custom field
value.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;CustomFieldValue&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;BuiltInCustomFieldValueId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ParentCustomFieldName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ParentCustomFieldNumber&quot; type=&quot;xsd:int&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ParentCustomFieldRecordId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Value&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>BuiltInCustomFieldValueId: </b> If the value of
the custom field is a built-in value, this specifies the unique identifier for
the custom field value. This MUST be ignored if the type of the custom field
specified by <b>ParentCustomFieldRecordId</b> is Freeform.</p>

<p><b>ParentCustomFieldName: </b> This specifies the
name of the custom field for which the value is being specified.</p>

<p><b>ParentCustomFieldNumber: </b> If the custom field
associated with this value is a built-in custom field, this specifies the
unique <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_919531d5-10dd-47b6-aacc-7195c0294372">built-in custom field</a>
number of the custom field. If this value is being specified for a
user-specified custom field, the value of this field MUST be ignored.</p>

<p><b>ParentCustomFieldRecordId: </b> This specifies the
<b>RecordId</b> of the custom field for which the value is being specified.</p>

<p><b>RecordId: </b> If the custom field denoted by <b>ParentCustomFieldRecordId</b>
is a multivalued custom field, this specifies the <b>RecordId</b> of the value.
If the custom field is a free-form custom field, this field is not applicable
and MUST be ignored.</p>

<p><b>Value: </b> This specifies the value of the custom
field. It MUST NOT be NULL and the length of the value MUST NOT exceed 256
characters.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>