<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.17.2.2 GetUserClassFromServer</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can be used to retrieve a specific
DhcpUserClass in the form of either DhcpUserClassV4 or DhcpUserClassV6, based
on whether the procedure is invoked against the IPv4-specific or IPv6-specific
table, respectively. </p>

<p>It takes the following as input parameters.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> This is of type
AddressFamily and it can be either InterNetwork or </p>

<p>InterNetworkV6. The value InterNetwork is used to
specify the processing to be done on the IPv4-specific simple tables for any
compound table involved during the processing. The value InterNetworkV6 is used
to specify the processing to be done on IPv6-specific simple tables for any
compound table involved during the processing.</p>

<p><b>Param_serverRecordId: </b> The record identifier
of the DHCP Server instance from which the user class information is to be retrieved.</p>

<p><b>Param_userClassRecordId: </b> The record
identifier of the user class instance that is being requested.</p>

<p>The following is the output of this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Result_userClass: </b> This will be of type
DhcpUserClassV4 if the <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetwork. Otherwise,
if the Param_addressfamily is InterNetworkV6, this will be of type
DhcpUserClassV6.</p>

<p>The following are the processing steps involved.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up the
server entry in <b>ADM_DHCPServersTable</b> having <b>RecordId</b> equal to <i>Param_serverRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the entry is
not found, set Result_userClass to NULL and return.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Look up the
UserClasses of the server row for the user class with <b>RecordId</b> value
being <i>Param_userClassRecordId</i>. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the entry is
not found, set Result_userClass to NULL and return.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is InterNetwork, initialize Result_userClass to DhcpUserClassV4. If <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is InterNetworkV6, initialize Result_userClass to DhcpUserClassV6.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Copy the user
class details to Result_userClass.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_userClass as the output parameter of the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>