<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.5.46 EnumerationObjectType</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This simple type is an enumeration that specifies the type of
object to be enumerated.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:simpleType name=&quot;EnumerationObjectType&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:restriction base=&quot;xsd:string&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;None&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;ServerInfo&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IPRange&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IPBlock&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;LogicalGroupData&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;CustomField&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;CustomFieldAssociation&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;LogicalGroup&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;LogicalGroupNode&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DiscoveredSubnets&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DhcpServer&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DhcpScope&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DhcpReservation&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DhcpVendorClass&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DhcpUserClass&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DhcpOptionDefinition&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DhcpOption&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DhcpExclusionRange&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;ConfigurationAudit&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IPAudit&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DnsServerReverseZone&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DnsReverseLookupZone&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DnsServerZone&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DnsZone&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DnsServer&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DnsZoneEvent&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;AsyncProvision&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;AsyncSchemaConversion&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;Operations&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;UserRoles&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;AddressSpace&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;AccessScopes&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;UserAccessPolicies&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IPSubnet&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DhcpPolicy&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DhcpFailover&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DhcpSuperscope&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DhcpFilter&quot; /&gt; &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DnsResourceRecord&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DnsConditionalForwarder&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;/xs:restriction&gt;
 &lt;/xs:simpleType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>The following table specifies the valid values for this
type.</p>

<table>
 <thead>
 <tr>
 <th>
 <p>Value</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Description</p>
 </th>
 </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>None</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Unspecified or an invalid value.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfo</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is ServerInfo.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPAddress</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is IpamIPAddress.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPRange</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is IPRange.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPBlock</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is IPBlock.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>LogicalGroupData</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is the logical
 group data associated with active servers, range or addresses.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>CustomField</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is CustomField.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>CustomFieldAssociation</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is
 CustomFieldAssociation. This represents the association between two custom
 fields in IPAM.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>LogicalGroup</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is LogicalGroup.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>LogicalGroupNode</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is
 LogicalGroupNode.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DiscoveredSubnets</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is IPAddress for
 discovered subnets.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DhcpServer</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is DhcpServer.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DhcpScope</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is DhcpScope.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DhcpReservation</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is
 DhcpReservation.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DhcpVendorClass</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is
 DhcpVendorClass.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DhcpUserClass</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is DhcpUserClass.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DhcpOptionDefinition</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is
 DhcpOptionDefinition.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DhcpOption</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is DhcpOption.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DhcpExclusionRange</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is
 DhcpExclusionRange.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ConfigurationAudit</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is
 ConfigurationAuditRecord.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPAudit</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is IPAuditRecord.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DnsServerReverseZone</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is
 DnsServerReverseZone.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DnsReverseLookupZone</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is
 DnsReverseLookupZone.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DnsServerZone</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is DnsServerZone.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DnsZone</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is DnsZone.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DnsServer</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is DnsServer.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DnsZoneEvent</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is DnsZoneEvent.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>AsyncProvision</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The enumeration parameter specifies the input
 parameter for IIpamAsyncProvision port type.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>AsyncSchemaConversion</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The enumeration parameter specifies the input
 parameter for IIpamAsyncSchemaConversion port type.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>Operations</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is Operations.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>UserRoles</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is UserRoles.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>AddressSpace</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is AddressSpace.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>AccessScopes</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is AccessScopes.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>UserAccessPolicies</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is
 UserAccessPolicies.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPSubnet</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is IPSubnet.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DhcpPolicy</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is DhcpPolicy.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DhcpFailover</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is DhcpFailover.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DhcpSuperscope</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is DhcpSuperscope.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DhcpFilter</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is DhcpFilter.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DnsResourceRecord</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is DnsResourceRecord.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DnsConditionalForwarder</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The type of object to be enumerated is
 DnsConditionalForwarder.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>