<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.13.2.2 GetScopeFromTable</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure retrieves the scope information in the form
of DhcpScopeV4 or DhcpScopeV6, based on whether it is being invoked against the
IPv4-specific table or the IPv6-specific table. The procedure takes the
following input parameters.</p>

<p><b>Param_Id: </b> A 64-bit signed integer specifying
the record identifier of the DHCP scope instance for which the DhcpScope data
is being requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> This is of type
AddressFamily and it can be either InterNetwork or InterNetworkV6. The value
InterNetwork is used to specify the processing to be done on the IPv4-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing. The value
InterNetworkV6 is used to specify the processing to be done on IPv6-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing.</p>

<p>This procedure returns the following value as output
parameter.</p>

<p><b>Result_scope: </b> This is of DhcpScope. If the <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is InterNetwork, this will be DhcpScopeV4, and if the <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is InterNetworkV6, this will be DhcpScopeV6 type.</p>

<p>The following are the steps performed against the IPAM data
store. </p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Lookup the row
in the <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b> with <b>RecordId</b> equal <i>Param_Id</i>.
If the row is not present, set Result_scope to NULL and return.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is InterNetwork, initialize Result_scope to DhcpScopeV4. If the <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is InterNetworkV6, initialize Result_scope to DhcpScopeV6.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Set Result_scope.RecordId to <b>RecordId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set Result_scope.ParentDhcpServerRecordId to DHCPServerRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Copy ScopeDetails of the row to Result_scope.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetDhcpOptions of <b>ADM_DhcpOptionsTable</b> with
the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i> is set to InterNetwork.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_ScopeRecordId</i> is set to Result_scope.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_serverRecordId</i> is set to
Result_scope.ParentDhcpServerRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Assign the Result_optionCollection to Result_scope.Options.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call GetAccessScopeForObjectIdAndType of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectId</i> is set to <i>Param_Id</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectType</i> is set to IpamObjectType.DhcpScopeV4 if
addressfamily is InterNetwork or IpamObjectType.DhcpScopeV6 if addressfamily is
InterNetworkV6.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_accessScopeId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectInheritanceStatus</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_inheritanceId</i>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <i>Param_accessScopeId</i> to Result_scope.AccessScopeId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <i>Param_objectInheritanceStatus</i> to
Result_scope.IsInheritedAccessScope.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Return Result_scope from the procedure.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>