<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.18.2.1 GetDhcpOptions</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure is used to retrieve the DHCP options defined
at either the server level or at the scope level. The following are the input
parameters for this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> This is of type
AddressFamily and it can be either InterNetwork or InterNetworkV6. The value
InterNetwork is used to specify the processing to be done on the IPv4-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing. The value
InterNetworkV6 is used to specify the processing to be done on IPv6-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing.</p>

<p><b>Param_serverRecordId: </b> This specifies the
record identifier of the server for which the options are being requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_ScopeRecordId: </b> This specifies the
record identifier of the scope for which the options are being requested. If
this is specified, the scope-level options for the scope defined on the server
specified by <i>Param_serverRecordId</i> are returned. Otherwise the
server-level options are returned.</p>

<p>The following is the output of this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Result_options</b>: This is a collection of
DhcpOption. Based on the <i>Param_addressfamily</i>, this will be composed of a
collection of either DhcpOptionV4 or DhcpOptionV6.</p>

<p>The following processing
steps are involved:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Initialize
Result_options with a collection of DhcpOption.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows in <b>ADM_DhcpOptionsTable</b> meeting the following criteria:</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>ServerRecordId
is equal to <i>Param_serverRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_ScopeRecordId</i>
is specified, ScopeRecordId is equal to <i>Param_ScopeRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each of the
rows, perform the following steps:</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is InterNetwork, create an instance of DhcpOptionV4. Otherwise if <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is InterNetwork V6, create an instance of DhcpOptionV6. Fill the values as
follows:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign OptionReferenceType to DhcpOption.OptionOwnerType.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <b>RecordId</b> to DhcpOption.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetUserClassFromServer in <b>ADM_DHCPServersTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_serverRecordId</i> is set to ServerRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_userClassRecordId</i> is set to UserClassRecordId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign the Result_userClass to DhcpOption.UserClass.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetOptionDefinitionFromServer in <b>ADM_DHCPServersTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_serverRecordId</i> is set to <b>ServerRecordId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_optionDefinitionId</i> is set to
OptionDefinitionRecordId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign the Result_optionDefinition to DhcpOption.OptionDefinition.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Based on DhcpOption.OptionDefinition.OptionType and
DhcpOption.OptionDefinition.OptionCollectionType, assign Values to
DhcpOption.Values by converting the binary data into the type specified by
OptionType. Add the instance to Result_options.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_options as the output of the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>