<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.5.4.8.1.28 DiscoverySubnetEnumerationParameters</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This is the processing done when the EnumInputParameters
contains data of type DiscoverySubnetEnumerationParameters. The ObjectType MUST
be EnumerationObjectType. DiscoveredSubnets. The following processing steps
identify the rows to be returned as a part of the enumeration.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows in <b>ADM_ServersTable</b> that meet the following conditions:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
DiscoverySubnetEnumerationParameters.InclusionStatus is specified,
ServerInfoDetails.ManagementStatus MUST be equal to
DiscoverySubnetEnumerationParameters.InclusionStatus.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
DiscoverySubnetEnumerationParameters.MultipleRole is specified and has the
value of ServerMultipleRole.DhcpOrDns, for the row in <b>ADM_ServersTable</b>
being enumerated, there MUST be a row in <b>ADM_ServerRolesTable</b> whose
ServerRecordId is the <b>RecordId</b> of the row in <b>ADM_ServersTable</b> and
ServerRoleFlag is either ServerRoleType.Dhcp or ServerRoleFlag.Dns.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
DiscoverySubnetEnumerationParameters.ServerRole is specified, for the row in
the <b>ADM_ServersTable</b> being enumerated, there MUST be a row in <b>ADM_ServerRolesTable</b>
whose ServerRecordId is the <b>RecordId</b> of the row in <b>ADM_ServersTable</b>
and the ServerRoleFlag is DiscoverySubnetEnumerationParameters.ServerRole.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>For each of the
rows enumerated that meet the previously mentioned condition, get the addresses
specified by ServerInfoDetails.IPAddresses. For each of the addresses, perform
the following processing:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>If DiscoverySubnetEnumerationParameters.SubnetType is specified, filter
the addresses based on the address family.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If it is of
value ServerInfoIPType.IPv4: </p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Filter addresses
that are of address family of InterNetwork.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Get the subnet
with a /16 prefix.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Ensure it was
not already added to EnumOutputData and if not, add it to EnumOutputData.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Similarly, if it is of value ServerInfoIPType.IPv6: </p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Filter addresses
that are of address family InterNetworkV6.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Get the subnet
with a /16 prefix.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Ensure it was
not already added to EnumOutputData and if not, add it to EnumOutputData.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>