<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.257 IpamIPAddress</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The IpamIPAddress complex type specifies the common address
object information in the IPAM data store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;IpamIPAddress&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AccessScopeId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Address&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AddressAssignment&quot; type=&quot;ipam:AddressAssignment&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AddressCategory&quot; type=&quot;ipam:AddressCategory&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AddressSpaceRecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AssetTag&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AssignedDate&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:dateTime&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ChangedDate&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:dateTime&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;CreatedFromDnsResourceRecord&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;CustomFieldValues&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfCustomFieldValue&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;CustomerAddressSpaceName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DeviceName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DhcpScopeDescription&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DhcpScopeId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DhcpScopeName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DhcpScopeSubnetId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsForwardLookupZoneDnsServerId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsForwardLookupZoneServerName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsForwardSyncStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DnsSyncStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsReverseLookupZoneDnsServerId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsReverseLookupZoneId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsReverseLookupZoneName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsReverseLookupZonePrefix&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:int&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsReverseLookupZoneServerName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsReverseSyncStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DnsSyncStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsZoneId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsZoneName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ExpiryAndAlertEventLoggingStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:IPAddressExpiryStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ExpiryDate&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:dateTime&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;InWarningPeriod&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsDuplicate&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsExpired&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;MacAddress&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:MACAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Notes&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;OSName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;OSVersion&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Owner&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ParentIPRangeEndIP&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ParentIPRangeRecordId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ParentIPRangeStartIP&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;PartialCustomFieldValues&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfCustomFieldPartialValue&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ProviderAddressSpaceName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ReservationDescription&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ReservationName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ReservationRecordId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ReservationServerName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ReservationSyncStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpReservationSyncStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SerialNumber&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;VirtualizationType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:IPVirtualizationType&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
  
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>AccessScopeId: </b> This specifies the <b>RecordId</b>
for the access scope object to which this address maps.</p>

<p><b>AddressAssignment: </b> This specifies the address
assignment type specific to the IpamIPAddress.</p>

<p><b>AddressCategory: </b>This specifies the category
of the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_7e4a7acb-fc83-42b1-8580-9a7aee22edf8">IP address space</a>
to which the address belongs.</p>

<p><b>AddressSpaceRecordId: </b> This specifies the <b>RecordId</b>
for the address space to which this address maps to.</p>

<p><b>AssetTag: </b>This specifies the asset tag of the
device to which the address is assigned.</p>

<p><b>AssignedDate: </b> This specifies the date on
which the address was assigned to a device.</p>

<p><b>ChangedDate: </b>This specifies the date on which
the address instance was modified last.</p>

<p><b>CreatedFromDnsResourceRecord: </b> This specifies
that the IP address was created from DNS resource record.</p>

<p><b>CustomFieldValues: </b>This specifies the
collection of CustomFieldValue complex types (section <a href="2fe2e673-da4e-45c9-96b1-b7b6b3c8545a.md">2.2.4.85</a>) that specify the
custom field values associated with the address instance.</p>

<p><b>CustomerAddressSpaceName: </b> Specifies the name
of the Customer address space associated with this address.</p>

<p><b>DeviceName: </b>This specifies the device name to
which the address has been assigned.</p>

<p><b>ExpiryAndAlertEventLoggingStatus: </b>This
specifies the current status of the address instance with regard to address
expiration.</p>

<p><b>ExpiryDate: </b>This specifies the expiration date
of the address.</p>

<p><b>InWarningPeriod: </b>This specifies whether the
address is in a warning period but has not expired yet. </p>

<p><b>Address: </b>This specifies the IP address of the
instance.</p>

<p><b>IsDuplicate: </b>This specifies whether the
address instance is a duplicate or not.</p>

<p><b>IsExpired: </b> This specifies whether the address
instance has already expired or not.</p>

<p><b>MacAddress: </b>This specifies the MAC address of
the device to which the address instance is assigned and associated with. This
MUST be specified if a DHCP reservation has to be created for the address.
Otherwise the field is optional.</p>

<p><b>Notes: </b>This specifies any additional notes for
the address instance.</p>

<p><b>OSName: </b>This specifies the name of the
operating system that is hosting the specific address instance.</p>

<p><b>OSVersion: </b>This specifies the version of the
operating system that is hosting the specific address instance.</p>

<p><b>Owner: </b>This specifies the admin-specified
owner for the address instance.</p>

<p><b>ParentIPRangeEndIP: </b>This specifies the end
address of the address range to which the address instance maps.</p>

<p><b>ParentIPRangeRecordId: </b>This specifies the <b>RecordId</b>
of the address range to which the address instance maps.</p>

<p><b>ParentIPRangeStartIP: </b>This specifies the start
address of the address range to which the address instance maps.</p>

<p><b>PartialCustomFieldValues: </b>This specifies the
collection of <b>CustomFieldPartialValues</b> (section <a href="295eb135-d641-4f93-b315-60a872c21be7.md">2.2.4.84</a>) that specify the
custom field values to the management client as a part of enumeration
operations. The management client MUST NOT use this to specify the custom field
values as a part of add or edit operations, but rather use the <b>CustomFieldValues</b>
field to specify the same.</p>

<p><b>ProviderAddressSpaceName: </b> Specifies the name
of the provider address space associated with this address. The value is
Default if this is a nonvirtualized address space.</p>

<p><b>RecordId: </b>Specifies a unique identifier for
the data in the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_1ebbf4e0-d234-4732-a83d-022081131cea">IPAM data
store</a>.</p>

<p><b>SerialNumber: </b> Specifies the serial number of
the device to which the address is assigned.</p>

<p>The next set of properties is applicable only when <b>AddressAssignment</b>
is Dynamic; that is, a DHCP scope is associated with the address range to which
the address instance maps.</p>

<p><b>DhcpScopeDescription: </b>This specifies the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e6a800ef-fd8a-4d87-834c-131e58f304ea">subnet ID</a> of the scope to
which the address instance maps.</p>

<p><b>DhcpScopeId: </b>This specifies the <b>RecordId</b>
of the DHCP scope to which the address belongs. This is applicable only when <b>AddressAssignment</b>
is Dynamic and the address maps to an address range specific to a DHCP scope
instance.</p>

<p><b>DhcpScopeName: </b> This specifies the name of the
DHCP scope to which the address maps.</p>

<p><b>DhcpScopeSubnetId: </b> This specifies the subnet
ID of the DHCP scope to which the address maps.</p>

<p>The next set of properties is applicable only when
the address has been registered with the DNS server for A/AAA and PTR records.</p>

<p><b>DnsForwardLookupZoneDnsServerId: </b>This
specifies the <b>RecordId</b> of the DNS server <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_2993684a-cc67-43b9-9bb5-185df1582055">forward lookup DNS zone</a>
hosting information. This is applicable only when the address has been
registered with forward lookup DNS zone.</p>

<p><b>DnsForwardLookupZoneServerName: </b>This specifies
the name of the server hosting the forward lookup DNS zone to which the address
instance has been registered.</p>

<p><b>DnsForwardSyncStatus: </b>This specifies the
current status of the DNS registration of the IP address instance.</p>

<p><b>DnsReverseLookupZoneDnsServerId: </b> This
specifies the <b>RecordId</b> of the server hosting the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_b2e3f10e-2470-43f4-9287-cebf9b8dba89">reverse lookup DNS zone</a>
instance.</p>

<p><b>DnsReverseLookupZoneId: </b>This specifies the <b>RecordId</b>
of the reverse lookup DNS zone under which the address instance has been
registered. </p>

<p><b>DnsReverseLookupZoneName: </b>This specifies the
name of the reverse lookup DNS zone under which the address instance has been
registered.</p>

<p><b>DnsReverseLookupZonePrefix: </b>This specifies the
prefix of the reverse lookup DNS zone under which the address instance has been
registered.</p>

<p><b>DnsReverseLookupZoneServerName: </b>This specifies
the name of the server hosting the reverse lookup DNS zone against which the
address instance has been registered.</p>

<p><b>DnsReverseSyncStatus: </b>This specifies the
current status of the DNS registration of the IP address instance under the
reverse lookup DNS zone.</p>

<p><b>DnsZoneId: </b>This specifies the <b>RecordId</b>
of the forward lookup DNS zone under which the address has been registered.</p>

<p><b>DnsZoneName: </b>This specifies the name of the
forward lookup DNS zone under which the address instance has been registered.</p>

<p>The next set of properties are applicable only when
there is a DHCP <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_4e525014-9425-4eb0-9141-61189c4f04f9">reservation</a>
associated with the address instance.</p>

<p><b>ReservationDescription: </b>If there is a
reservation in a DHCP server instance associated with the address instance,
this specifies the description of the reservation.</p>

<p><b>ReservationName: </b> If there is a reservation in
a DHCP server instance associated with the address instance, this specifies the
name of the reservation.</p>

<p><b>ReservationRecordId: </b>If there is a reservation
in a DHCP server instance associated with the address instance, this specifies
the <b>RecordId</b> of the reservation.</p>

<p><b>ReservationServerName: </b>If there is a
reservation in a DHCP server instance associated with the address instance,
this specifies the name of the DHCP server instance.</p>

<p><b>ReservationSyncStatus: </b> This specifies the
current status of the DHCP reservation status.</p>

<p><b>VirtualizationType: </b> Specifies the
virtualization type of the given address. It can be NonVirtualized, Fabric, and
Virtual.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre>  
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>