<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.4.2.4 GetOverlappingBlocks</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can be used to determine the list of blocks
that overlap with a given block information. The block information for which
the overlap is computed is specified using the following information passed as
input parameter.</p>

<p><b>Param_StartIPAddress: </b> This is of type
IPAddress specifying the <b>StartIPAddress</b> of the address block for which
the overlap is to be calculated.</p>

<p><b>Param_EndIPAddress: </b> This is of type IPAddress
specifying the <b>EndIPAddress</b> of the address block for which the overlap
is to be calculated.</p>

<p><b>Param_PrefixLength: </b> This is an integer
specifying the PrefixLength of the address block for which the overlap is to be
calculated.</p>

<p><b>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId: </b> The
AddressSpaceRecordId of the IPBlock for which the overlapping blocks are to be
computed. If this parameter is not specified while calling this procedure, the
default value that is considered is 1, which maps to Default Provider Address
Space.</p>

<p><b>Param_RecordIdToExclude: </b> This specifies the <b>RecordId</b>
of the block for which the overlapping blocks are being calculated so that it
is filtered from the resulting set.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<p>The result is a collection of <b>IPBlock</b>, which
overlaps with the specified block information. This output parameter will be
named <b>Result_OverlappingBlocks</b>.</p>
</dd>
<dd>
<p>The following are the steps involved. If the address
family of the <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i> and <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i> is
InterNetwork, the remainder of the processing has to be done against the
IPv4-specific table. Otherwise the remainder of the processing is done against
the IPv6-specific table.</p>
</dd></dl>



<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>The set of overlapping address blocks are those entries that do not fall
into either of the following categories:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Lying completely outside the specified block </p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Both StartIPAddress and EndIPAddress of the block are less than <i>Param_StartIPAddress.</i></p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Both StartIPAddress and EndIPAddress of the block are greater
than <i>Param_EndIPAddress.</i> </p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Potential parent/child blocks of the incoming block.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Child Blocks
will meet the following condition:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_StartIPAddress</i> is less than or equal to
StartIPAddress of the block entry in the table</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_EndIPAddress</i> is greater than or equal to
StartIPAddress of the block entry in the table.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</i> is equal to
AddressSpaceRecordId of the block entry in the table.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Param_PrefixLength is less than or equal to PrefixLength of the
entry.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Parent Blocks
will meet the following condition:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_StartIPAddress</i> is greater than or equal to
StartIPAddress of the entry</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_EndIPAddress</i> is less than or equal to StartIPAddress
of the entry.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</i> is equal to AddressSpaceRecordId
of the block entry in the table</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_PrefixLength</i> is greater than or equal to
PrefixLength of the entry</p>

</li></ul></li></ol></li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>If <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i> is specified, exclude the row with
RecordId equal to <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i> and return the final
collection as Result_OverlappingBlocks.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>