<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.4.3 User Authorization Data Computation</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>When the session is established for the protocol, the user
authentication occurs. After the authentication, the <b>Token/Authorization
Context (</b><mshelp:link keywords="cca27429-5689-4a16-b2b4-9325d93e4ba2" tabindex="0">[MS-DTYP]</mshelp:link>
section <mshelp:link keywords="efc83c32-5275-4dff-a3e2-973c9624711b" tabindex="0">2.5.2</mshelp:link>)
is available, which is used to compute the authorization data for the user for
the specific session. The user authorization data is computed as follows:</p>

<p><b>ADM_UserAuthorizationData.IsAdministrator: </b> This
is set to TRUE only if the BUILTIN_ADMINISTRATORS SID ([MS-DTYP] section <mshelp:link keywords="81d92bba-d22b-4a8c-908a-554ab29148ab" tabindex="0">2.4.2.4</mshelp:link>)
is present in the <b>Token/Authorization Context</b>.</p>

<p><b>ADM_UserAuthorizationData.IsIpamUser: </b> This is
set to TRUE only if the SID of the <b>IPAM Users</b> group object is present in
the <b>Token/Authorization Context.</b></p>

<p><b>ADM_UserAuthorizationData.IsIpamAdministrator: </b> This
is set to TRUE only if the SID of the <b>IPAM Administrators</b> group object
is present in the <b>Token/Authorization Context.</b> If this is computed to be
TRUE, the IsIPAMAsmAdministrator, IsIPAMMsmAdministrator,
IsIPAMIPAuditAdministrator, and IsIPAMUser members of <b>ADM_UserAuthorizationData</b>
are set to TRUE without the need for further computation.</p>

<p><b>ADM_UserAuthorizationData.IsIPAMAsmAdministrator: </b> This
is set to TRUE if the SID of the <b>IPAM ASM Administrators</b> group object is
present in the <b>Token/Authorization Context.</b> If this is TRUE, the
ADM_UserAuthorizationData.IsIpamUser is computed to be TRUE as well.</p>

<p><b>ADM_UserAuthorizationData.IsIPAMMsmAdministrator: </b> This
is set to TRUE if the SID of the <b>IPAM MSM Administrators</b> group object is
present in the <b>Token/Authorization Context.</b> If this is TRUE, the <b>ADM_UserAuthorizationData.IsIpamUser</b>
is computed to be TRUE as well.</p>

<p><b>ADM_UserAuthorizationData.IsIPAMIPAuditAdministrator:
</b> This is set to TRUE if the SID of the <b>IPAM IP Audit Administrators</b>
group object is present in the <b>Token/Authorization Context.</b> If this is
TRUE, the <b>ADM_UserAuthorizationData.IsIpamUser</b> is computed to be TRUE as
well.</p>

<p><b>ADM_UserAuthorizationData.MappingPolicyIds: </b> This
collection is populated in the following steps:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Initialize <b>ADM_UserAuthorizationData.MappingPolicyIds</b> collection.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call GetPolicyForUserSid procedure of <b>ADM_UserAccessPolicyTable</b>
by passing <i>Param_userSid</i> initialized to SID of the user present in the
Token/Authorization Context. If the Result_accessPolicy is not NULL, then add
Result_accessPolicy.PolicyId to <b>ADM_UserAuthorizationData.MappingPolicyIds</b>
collection.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Then process all the Groups that are present in the user’s
Token/Authorization Context. For each of the group objects in the user’s
Token/Authorization Context, perform the next step.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call GetPolicyForUserSid procedure of <b>ADM_UserAccessPolicyTable</b>
by passing Param_userSid initialized to SID of the group. If the
Result_accessPolicy is not null then add Result_accessPolicy.PolicyId to the <b>ADM_UserAuthorizationData.MappingPolicyIds</b>
collection.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the collection <b>ADM_UserAuthorizationData.MappingPolicyIds</b> is
not empty, then the <b>ADM_UserAuthorizationData.IsIpamUser</b> is computed to
be TRUE as well.</p>

<p>In all the previous
computation checks, the SID of a particular group object is checked for its
presence against the Token/Authorization Context. This is done by calling <b>SidInToken</b>
([MS-DTYP] section <mshelp:link keywords="fbd644b3-0bce-49f0-9cab-9b814147a9d2" tabindex="0">2.5.3.1.1</mshelp:link>)
by passing the Token/Authorization Context as the Token parameter and SID to
check as the SidToTestParameter and having PrincipalSelfSubstitute as NULL. </p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>