<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.21 SetDhcpReservationDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.SetDhcpReservation. The IpamOperationWithProgressParameter
instance in this case MUST be of type SetDhcpReservationParameters. </p>

<p>This operation is used to update the properties of an
existing DHCP reservation. In the following steps, any time a fault is
generated, SetOverallStatus SHOULD be called with the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If <b>IpamOperationWithProgressParameter</b>
is NULL or not of type <b>SetDhcpReservationParameters</b>, generate an
appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a>
(as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>).
Project <b>IpamOperationWithProgressParameter</b> in a local variable as <b>SetDhcpReservationParameters</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>SetDhcpReservationParameters</b>.<b>Reservation</b>
is NULL, generate an appropriate SOAP fault (as specified in section 2.2.2.1).</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>SetDhcpReservationParameters.scopeRecordId</b>
is NULL, generate an appropriate SOAP fault (as specified in section 2.2.2.1).</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the <b>SetDhcpReservationParameters</b>.<b>Reservation</b>
using the processing rules listed under ValidateDhcpReservation by passing <b>SetDhcpReservationParameters.Reservation</b>
as <i>Param_reservation</i>. If any of the processing rules are not met, an
appropriate SOAP fault (as specified in section 2.2.2.1) MUST be returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call the
procedure <b>AddOrUpdateReservation</b> of <b>ADM_DHCPReservationTable</b>,
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Pass <i>Param_addressfamily</i> as InterNetwork if <b>SetDhcpReservationParameters.Reservation.Address</b>
is IpamIPv4Address and InterNetworkV6 if <b>SetDhcpReservationParameters.Reservation.Address</b>
is IpamIPv6Address.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Pass <b>Param_reservationId</b> as <b>SetDhcpReservationParameters.Reservation.RecordId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Pass <i>Param_scopeId</i> as <b>SetDhcpReservationParameters.Reservation.ParentScope</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Pass <i>Param_addressId</i> as <b>SetDhcpReservationParameters.Reservation.Address</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Pass <i>Param_reservationDetails</i> as <b>SetDhcpReservationParameters.Reservation</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Call
SetOverallStatus with Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>