<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.16.2.3 GetNextLevelLogicalGroupNodes</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure is used to determine the collection of
LogicalGroupNode instances that will form the next level of logical group nodes
for the specified logical group node. The following input parameter is used.</p>

<p><b>Param_logicalGroupNode: </b> The logical group
node for which the child nodes are to be enumerated.</p>

<p>The following is the output
parameter of this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Result_logicalGroupNodes: </b> The collection of
LogicalGroupNode instances that form the child nodes of in a logical group
hierarchy for the specified <i>Param_logicalGroupNode</i>.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<p>The following table specifies the mapping between
the LogicalGroupNode type of <i>Param_logicalGroupNode</i> and the
LogicalGroupType and AddressFamily for the same.</p>
</dd>
<dd>
<table>
 <thead>
 <tr>
 <th>
 <p>LogicalGroupNode Type</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>AddressFamily</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>LogicalGroupType</p>
 </th>
 </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv4RangeLogicalGroupNode</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetwork</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Range</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv6RangeLogicalGroupNode</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetworkV6</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Range</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ActiveServerV4LogicalGroupNode</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetwork</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ManagedServer</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ActiveServerV6LogicalGroupNode</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetworkV6</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ManagedServer</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IpamIPv4AddressLogicalGroupNode</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetwork</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPAddress</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IpamIPv6AddressLogicalGroupNode</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetworkV6</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPAddress</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv4SubnetLogicalGroupNode</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetwork</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Subnet</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv6SubnetLogicalGroupNode</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetworkV6</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Subnet</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
</table>
</dd></dl>



<p>The following processing steps are involved.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Call the
procedure GetLogicalGroupFromTable passing the following parameters.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_logicalGroupNode.LogicalGroupRecordId</i> as <i>Param_Id</i>. </p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_groupType</i> is assigned the LogicalGroupType per the mapping
to the LogicalGroupNode type in the previous table.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_addressFamily</i> is assigned the AddressFamily per the mapping
to the LogicalGroupNode type in the previous table.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Store
Result_logicalGroup in logicalGroup.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Look up the
logicalGroup.Fields for the entry with LogicalGroupField.CustomFieldRecordId
having the value <i>Param_logicalGroupNode.CustomFieldRecordId</i>. If this is
the last entry in logicalGroup.Fields, there are no further levels. Set
Result_logicalGroupNodes to an empty list and return it as output parameter.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Let
logicalGroupField be initialized with the entry in logicalGroup.Fields, which
will form the next level.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b> that meet the following
criteria:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>CustomFieldId is equal to logicalGroupField.CustomFieldRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>ObjectType is equal to the ObjectType for the logicalGroup based on the
table present in section <a href="03be7387-04e6-4c1a-89d8-3699f73b22ab.md">3.1.1.1.16.2.2</a>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>af is equal to the AddressFamily for <i>Param_logicalGroupNode</i> based
on the table above.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>From the earlier
set of rows, create a unique list of CustomFieldValueId, which will form the
basis for creating the LogicalGroupNode.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each unique
CustomFieldValueId enumerated from the previous step, perform the following steps:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Create a new instance of logical group node based on the type for the
logical group as specified in the table in section 3.1.1.1.16.2.2. Let this be
referred to as logicalGroupNode.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set logicalGroupNode.AncestorNodes to NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set logicalGroupNode.CustomFieldRecordId to
logicalGroupField.CustomFieldRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set logicalGroupNode.NodeCustomFieldValueId to the CustomFieldValueId
being iterated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set logicalGroupNode.NodeLevel to logicalGroupField.RecordId.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Look up <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesTable</b>
with the <b>RecordId</b> equal to CustomFieldValueId being iterated. Assign the
CustomFieldValueDetails.Value to logicalGroupNode.NodeValue.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>If the logicalGroupNode is either IPv4RangeLogicalGroupNode or
IPv6RangeLogicalGroupNode, the logicalGroupNode.UtilizationStatistics will be
set with the utilization statistics for the ranges that forms the part of the
logical group. </p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetUtilizationForLogicalGroupNode passing
logicalGroupNode as <i>Param_logicalGroupNode</i>, AddressFamily as <i>Param_addressfamily</i>.
</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign Result_utilization to logicalGroupNode.UtilizationStatistics.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Add
logicalGroupNode to Result_logicalGroupNodes.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_logicalGroupNodes as the output parameter for this procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>