<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.62 BaseDnsServerZone</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The BaseDnsServerZone complex type specifies the properties
of a zone hosted on a DNS server. This consists of the properties common to
both DnsServerZone as well as DnsServerReverseZone complex types that extend
the BaseDnsServerZone.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;BaseDnsServerZone&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DirectoryPartitionName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsLastCollectedServer&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsPreferredServer&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;LoadExisting&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;MasterServers&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:ArrayOfIPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;NotifySecondaries&quot; type=&quot;ipam1:DnsNotifySecondariesSetting&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;NotifyServers&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:ArrayOfIPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ReplicationScope&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SecondaryServers&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:ArrayOfIPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SecureSecondaries&quot; type=&quot;ipam1:DnsSecureSecondariesSetting&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Server&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DnsServer&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ZoneConfiguration&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ZoneConfiguration&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ZoneFileName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ZoneState&quot; type=&quot;ipam1:DnsZoneStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ZoneType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ZoneHostingDnsServerType&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>DirectoryPartitionName</b>: Specifies the name of
the directory partition to which the DNS zone belongs.</p>

<p><b>IsLastCollectedServer:</b> Specifies that the DNS
zone data was last collected from the DNS server instance.</p>

<p><b>IsPreferredServer:</b> Specifies that the DNS
server instance is the preferred one for this DNS zone.</p>

<p><b>LoadExisting:</b> Specifies whether to use an
existing zone file on the DNS server for the DNS zone.</p>

<p><b>MasterServers</b>: Specifies the list of IP addresses
of the master servers for the DNS zone on the DNS server.</p>

<p><b>NotifySecondaries:</b> Specifies the notify
settings of the DNS zone on this server.</p>

<p><b>NotifyServers: </b>Specifies the list of IP
addresses of the servers to be notified if the notify setting is set to notify
only a specific list of servers.</p>

<p><b>RecordId</b>: Specifies the unique identifier for
the data in the IPAM data store.</p>

<p><b>ReplicationScope: </b>Specifies the replication
scope of the DNS zone on this server.</p>

<p><b>SecondaryServers:</b> Specifies the list of IP
addresses of the servers for zone transfer if the zone transfer setting is set
to transfer to only specific servers.</p>

<p><b>SecureSecondaries:</b> Specifies the zone transfer
setting of the DNS zone for this server.</p>

<p><b>Server</b>: Specifies the DnsServer instance for
the DNS server on which the zone has been hosted.</p>

<p><b>ZoneConfiguration</b>: Specifies the way in which
the zone is hosted on the server.</p>

<p><b>ZoneFileName: </b>Specifies the name of zone file
on the server.</p>

<p><b>ZoneState:</b> Specifies the state of the zone on
the server.</p>

<p><b>ZoneType</b>: Specifies the mode in which the zone
is hosted on the server.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>