<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.136 DhcpReservationTemplateConfiguration</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The DhcpReservationTemplateConfiguration complex type is
used for edit operation on a collection of DHCP Reservation. It specifies the
properties of the reservation that need to be changed for the collection in a
multi-select edit operation.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;DhcpReservationTemplateConfiguration&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Description&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpDiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsNameProtectionStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpDnsNameProtectionStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsUpdateType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpDnsUpdateType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;FindAndReplaceOptions&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfDhcpFindAndReplaceOption&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Name&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;OptionApplyType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpOptionApplyType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Options&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfDhcpOption&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Status&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpReservationStatus&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>Description: </b> Specifies the description to be
updated for reservations in the collection.</p>

<p><b>DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus: </b> Specifies
the DNS operation to be performed when the address lease expires and the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e6d76b31-2852-4bd5-8fbb-8e82a3cedb29">lease record</a> gets deleted.</p>

<p><b>DnsNameProtectionStatus: </b> Specifies the
setting of DNS name protection for the reservation. See <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=125431">[RFC4701]</a> for
information on the name protection.</p>

<p><b>FindAndReplaceOptions: </b> Specifies the option
values for Find and Replace action. It includes the option values to be
searched for and the new option values to be assigned.</p>

<p><b>Name: </b> A descriptive name for the reservation.</p>

<p><b>OptionApplyType: </b> Specifies the action that
needs to be taken with the options for the given set of DHCP scopes. The
actions could be Add or overwrite, delete, append or Find and Replace. </p>

<p><b>Options: </b> Specifies the collection of DHCP
options associated with the reservation.</p>

<p><b>Status: </b> Specifies the status of the
reservation. It is of the type DhcpReservationStatus. </p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>