<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.4.2.6 AdjustChildIPBlocks</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can be used to update the child blocks for a
given IP address block. The address block for which the child blocks are to be
calculated and updated are specified by using the following input parameters.</p>

<p><b>Param_BlockRecordId: </b> The <b>RecordId</b> of the
block for which the child blocks are to be calculated.</p>

<p><b>Param_ParentBlockRecordId: </b> The
ParentIPBlockRecordId of the block for which the child blocks are to be
calculated. </p>

<p><b>Param_StartIPAddress: </b> The <b>StartIPAddress</b>
of the block for which the child blocks are to be calculated.</p>

<p><b>Param_EndIPAddress: </b> The <b>EndIPAddress</b>
of the block for which the child blocks are to be calculated.</p>

<p><b>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId: </b> The
AddressSpaceRecordId of the block for which the child block need to be
adjusted. If this parameter is not specified while calling this procedure, the
default value that is considered is 1, which maps to Default Provider Address
Space.</p>

<p><b>Param_PrefixLength: </b> The PrefixLength of the
block for which the child blocks are to be calculated.</p>

<p><b>Param_AddressCategory: </b> The AddressCategory of
the block for which the child blocks are to be calculated.</p>

<p>This procedure updates the ParentIPBlockRecordId for the
child blocks for the specified block. There is no output from this procedure.</p>

<p>The following are the steps involved. If the address family
of <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i> and <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i> is InterNetwork,
the rest of the processing is done against the IPv4-specific table. Otherwise
the rest of the processing is done against the IPv6-specific table.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows that meet the following conditions and set their ParentIPBlockRecordId to <i>Param_BlockRecordId</i>.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If <i>Param_BlockRecordId</i>
is specified, the <b>RecordId</b> of the row is not equal to <i>Param_BlockRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>ParentIPBlockRecordId
of the row is equal to the <i>Param_ParentBlockRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>StartIPAddress
of the row is greater than or equal to the <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>EndIPAddress
of the row is greater than or equal to the <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</i>
is equal to AddressSpaceRecordId of the block entry in the table.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>PrefixLength
of the row is greater than or equal to the <i>Param_PrefixLength</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>AddressCategory
of the row is equal to <i>Param_AddressCategory</i>.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>