<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.4 UpdateDhcpScopeDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.EditDhcpScope. The IpamOperationWithProgressParameter instance
MUST be of type UpdateDhcpScopeParameters. </p>

<p>This operation updates an existing DHCP scope. In the
tollowing steps, any time a fault is generated, SetOverallStatus is called with
the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter is NULL or not of type
UpdateDhcpScopeParameters, generate an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a> (as specified in
section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>).
Project IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
UpdateDhcpScopeParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
UpdateDhcpScopeParameters.scope is NULL, generate an appropriate SOAP fault.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Store
UpdateDhcpScopeParameters.scope as a scopeToStore variable.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If scopeToStore
is an instance of DhcpScopeV4, the addressfamily is set to InterNetwork.
Otherwise the addressfamily is set to InterNetworkV6.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
scopeToStore.ParentDhcpServerRecordId has been specified, fetch the DhcpServer
instance by calling the procedure GetDHCPServerFromTable and passing
scopeToStore.ParentDhcpServerRecordId as Param_Id parameter and addressfamily
as Param_addressfamily. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If Result_server
is NULL, generate an appropriate SOAP fault. Otherwise assign Result_server to
dhcpServer variable.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Check whether
the scope already exists. Store the result in scopeExists flag. This is done
based on the following conditions:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>If scopeToStore.RecordId is specified, look up the row in <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b>
for the row in which <b>RecordId</b> is equal to scopeToStore.RecordId. </p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If scopeToStore.RecordId is not specified but ScopeId is specified, look
up the row in <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b> wherein ScopeDetails.ScopeId is equal
to scopeToStore.ScopeId.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If scopeExists
is FALSE, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
scopeToStore data by invoking ValidateDhcpScope with scopeToStore as
Param_scope parameter. If the validation fails, an appropriate SOAP fault  MUST
be generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Update the existing scope
row in <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b> with <b>RecordId</b> being scopeToStore.RecordId
for the following values:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>ScopeId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>ScopeName</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Status</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>SubnetDelay</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>LeaseDurationType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>LeaseDuration</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>ServingClientsType</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Get the address range
corresponding to the scope and store it in scopeRange. </p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Lookup the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> for the row whose ScopeRecordId is
equal to scopeToStore.RecordId. </p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetIPRangeFromTable, passing the <b>RecordId</b> of
the row found as Param_id and addressfamily as Param_addressfamily. Store the
result into scopeRange.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Update the scopeRange with
the following values and update the same to the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>StartIPAddress</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>EndIPAddress</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>PrefixLength</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>SubnetId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>ScopeId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Description</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Set or update
scopeRange.CustomFieldValues to include built-in custom
fields--BuiltinCustomField.ManagedBy and BuiltinCustomField.ManagedByEntity--and
assign them to MSDHCP and the dhcpServer.ServerName, respectively.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Add or update the scopeRange
that was created/modified into the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
UpdateDhcpScopeParameters.Scope.ModifiedProperties contains any DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus,
DnsNameProtectionStatus, DnsUpdateType, DnsNotRequestingClientsUpdateType, or
DnsDisableDynamicPtrUpdates properties, the DNS settings for the scopes have to
be updated as follows:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>For DhcpScopeV4, the following properties are updated:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DnsNameProtectionStatus</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DnsUpdateType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DnsNotRequestingClientsUpdateType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DnsDisableDynamicPtrUpdates</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>For DhcpScopeV6, the following properties are updated:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DnsNameProtectionStatus</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DnsUpdateType</p>

</li></ul></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>For each key value pair in
scopeToStore.Options.OperationTracker, perform the following operations:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>If the Key is CollectionOperations.Add or CollectionOperations.Set, add
or update the DhcpOption in Value portion of key value pair into <b>ADM_DhcpOptionsTable</b>
as follows:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Delete the row
from the <b>ADM_DhcpOptionsTable</b> that meets the following criteria (if it
already exists):</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ServerRecordId is dhcpServer.RecordId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ScopeRecordId is scopeToStore.RecordId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>OptionDefinitionRecordId is DhcpOption.OptionDefinition.RecordID</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>UserClassRecordId is DhcpOption.UserClass.RecordId</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Insert a new row
into <b>ADM_DhcpOptionstable</b> with the following values:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ServerRecordId is dhcpServer.RecordId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ScopeRecordId is nullscopeToStore.RecordId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>OptionDefinitionRecordId is set to
DhcpOption.OptionDefinition.RecordId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>UserClassRecordId is set to the value of
DhcpOption.UserClass.RecordId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Values is assigned the value of DhcpOption.Values</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>OptionOwnerType is assigned the value of DhcpOption.OptionOwnerType</p>

</li></ul></li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the Key is CollectionOperations.Delete, delete the DhcpOption form <b>ADM_DhcpOptionsTable</b>
by looking up based on the following values:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ServerRecordId is dhcpServer.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ScopeRecordId is scopeToStore.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>OptionDefinitionRecordId is DhcpOption.OptionDefinition.RecordID.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>UserClassRecordId is DhcpOption.UserClass.RecordId.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>For each key value pair in
scopeToStore.ExclusionRanges, perform the following operations:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>If Key is CollectionOperations.Add, add the DhcpExclusionRange specified
in Value to scopeToStore.ScopeDetails.ExclusionRanges. </p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If Key is CollectionOperations.Delete, delete the DhcpExclusionRange
specified in Value to scopeToStore.ScopeDetails.ExclusionRanges.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the
scopeToStore.ExclusionRanges is modified, the scopeRange's IsOverlapping and
address mapping will need to be updated as well. For this, perform the
following steps:</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>The IsOverlapping field and
the IP address mapping to the range will need to be reset. This is done by
invoking the ResetCurrentIPRangeMapping procedure of the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>
with the Param_range parameter set to scopeRange.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>The IsOverlapping field has
to be recalculated for the address ranges based on the updated address range.
Also, the addresses in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> have to be recalculated based
on the new range. This is done by performing the steps listed under
SetIPRangeMapping by passing the scopeRange as the currentRange parameter.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call SetOverallStatus with
Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>