<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.295 IPBlock</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The IPBlock complex type specifies the address block
information that is common to both IPv4Block and IPv6Block.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;IPBlock&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AccessScopeId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AddressCategory&quot; type=&quot;ipam:AddressCategory&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AddressSpaceRecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;CustomFieldValues&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfCustomFieldValue&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Description&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;EndIPAddress&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsInheritedAccessScope&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;LastAssignedDate&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:dateTime&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;LastModifiedDate&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:dateTime&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;NetworkId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;NumberOfChildBlocks&quot; type=&quot;xsd:int&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Owner&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ParentIPBlockRecordId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;PartialCustomFieldValues&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfCustomFieldPartialValue&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;PrefixLength&quot; type=&quot;xsd:int&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RIRReceivedDate&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:dateTime&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;StartIPAddress&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SubnetMask&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;UtilizationStatistics&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:IPUtilization&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
  
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>AccessScopeId: </b> This specifies the Record
identifier for the access scope object to which this block maps.</p>

<p><b>AddressCategory: </b> This specifies the address
category of the address range represented by the address block.</p>

<p><b>AddressSpaceRecordId: </b> This specifies the
Record identifier for the address space to which this block maps.</p>

<p><b>CustomFieldValues: </b> This specifies the list of
custom field values associated with the address block. RIR MUST be the only
custom field for which the value can be associated with the address block
instance. This is mandatory if the address block belongs to AddressCategory of
Public or Global.</p>

<p><b>Description: </b> This specifies the description
for the address block.</p>

<p><b>EndIPAddress: </b> This specifies the end address
of the address block range.</p>

<p><b>IsInheritedAccessScope: </b> Specifies whether
this block inherits access scope from its parent block.</p>

<p><b>LastAssignedDate: </b> This specifies the last
time when an address range was created out of the address block.</p>

<p><b>LastModifiedDate: </b> This specifies the last
time when this address block was modified.</p>

<p><b>NetworkId: </b> This specifies network portion of
the address block when it is represented as a range of address when denoted in
the network id/prefix format.</p>

<p><b>NumberOfChildBlocks: </b>This specifies the number
of child block under the specified address block.</p>

<p><b>Owner: </b> This specifies the owner for the
address block. The length of the string MUST NOT exceed 100 characters.</p>

<p><b>ParentIPBlockRecordId: </b> This specifies the <b>RecordId</b>
of the Parent address block if the block itself is a child block of some other
block.</p>

<p><b>PartialCustomFieldValues: </b> This specifies the
custom field values associated with the address block in the form of a
collection of CustomFieldPartialValue. The management client MUST NOT use this
for specifying the custom field values but rather use the CustomFieldValues
property. The management server uses this to send across the custom field
values as a part of enumeration processing.</p>

<p><b>PrefixLength: </b> This specifies the length of
the prefix associated with the address block.</p>

<p><b>RecordId: </b> This specifies a unique identifier
for the data in the IPAM data store.</p>

<p><b>RIRReceivedDate: </b> This specifies the last date
when the block was allocated and received from the Regional Internet Registries
(RIR).</p>

<p><b>StartIPAddress: </b> This specifies the start IP
address of the address range corresponding to this address block.</p>

<p><b>SubnetMask: </b> This specifies the subnet mask
specific to the prefix length of the address block.</p>

<p><b>UtilizationStatistics: </b> This specifies the
current utilization statistics of the address block.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre>  
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>