<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.152 UpdateRange</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is used to modify an existing IP address
range in the IPAM data store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;UpdateRange&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/UpdateRange&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_UpdateRange_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/UpdateRangeResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_UpdateRange_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the IIpamServer_UpdateRange_InputMessage
request message, the server performs the following processing steps. Upon
successful completion of these steps, the server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_UpdateRange_OutputMessage message. In the event of a failure, an
appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a>
MUST be sent to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Set the <b>updatedRange</b>
to <b>UpdateRange.range</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Identify the
list of modified properties in the <b>updatedRange</b> by seeing the number of
properties modified in <b>updatedRange.ModifiedProperties</b>. If there are no
property modifications, no further processing is required.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the <b>updatedRange</b>
by performing the processing rules listed under the section ValidateIPRange.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Fetch the
existing range data by invoking GetIPRangeFromTable procedure of <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>
by passing the <b>updatedRange.RecordId</b> as the <i>Param_id</i> field. The <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is set to the InterNetwork if the <b>updatedRange</b> is IPv4Range and
InterNetworkV6 if the <b>updatedRange</b> is IPv6Range.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Store the result
in currentRange, which is a temporary store.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Compare the
values of the properties listed in <b>updatedRange.ModifiedProperties</b> to
their corresponding values in currentRange. Only those values that have changed
will be used to update the values in the data store.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Identify if any
of the following properties is modified.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>SubnetId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>PrefixLength</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>StartIPAddress</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>EndIPAddress</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>AddressSpaceRecordId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>ManagedByValue: 
This is a computed field of the <b>updatedRange</b>. This is the value of the
custom field whose record identifier is <b>ADM_ManagedByCustomFieldId</b>
retrieved from <b>updatedRange.CustomFieldValues</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>ManagedByEntityValue:
This is a computed field of the <b>updatedRange</b>. This is the value of the
custom field whose record identifier is <b>ADM_ManagedByEntityCustomFieldId</b>
retrieved from <b>updatedRange.CustomFieldValues</b>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If any of the
previous fields has changed and are different from the values in currentRange,
the following additional processing is done. </p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>If the AddressSpaceRecordId has changed, remap to the modified range all
the addresses that currently map to currentRange. For this, perform the
following:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Get all
addresses mapping to current range by calling GetIPAddressForRange of <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>
by passing currentRange.RecordId as param_RangeId. Assign these to a temp store
currentMappedAddresses. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each
mappedAddress from currentMappedAddresses:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Calculate the
custom fields ManagedByValue and ManagedByEntityValue for this IP Address as
custom field whose record identifier is <b>ADM_ManagedByCustomFieldId</b> and <b>ADM_ManagedByEntityCustomFIeldId</b>
respectively from mappedAddress.CustomFieldValues. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the IPAddress
lies between updatedRange.StartIPAddress and updatedRange.EndIPAddress and the
custom fields ManagedByEntity and ManagedByEntityValue set on mappedAddress is
the same as that on updatedRange, set the AddressSpaceRecordId and
VirtualizationType of the mappedAddress to updatedRange.AddressSpaceRecordId
and updatedRange.VirtualizationType.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>The IsOverlapping field and the IP address mapping to the range will
need to be reset. This is done by invoking the ResetCurrentIPRangeMapping
procedure of the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> with the <b>Param_range</b> parameter
set to currentRange.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>The IsOverlapping field has to be recalculated for the address ranges
based on the new address range. Also the addresses in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>
have to be recalculated based on the new range. This is done by performing the
steps listed under SetIPRangeMapping by passing the <b>updatedRange</b> as the
currentRange parameter.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If none of the
properties listed in step 7 are being modified, update the modified fields of
the address range to the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> by looking up the row with the
record identifier being <b>updatedRange.RecordId</b>. Also update the
corresponding modified properties in <b>ADM_IPRangeMultivaluedPropertiesTable</b>
with corresponding values from <b>updatedRange</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the <b>updatedRange.CustomFieldValues</b>
as specified in the section ValidateCustomFieldValues. If the custom field
values are valid, call the SetCustomFieldValues procedure of <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
with the following parameters.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i>
is assigned the value of <b>updatedRange.RecordId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_CustomFieldValuesCollection</i>
is assigned the <b>updatedRange.CustomFieldValues</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ObjectType</i>
is assigned the value of <b>EnumeratedObjectType.IPRange</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressFamily</i>
is assigned InterNetwork if <b>UpdateRange.range</b> is IPv4Range. Otherwise it
is assigned the value of InterNetworkV6.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If the Range/Address mapping
can change as computed in step 7. Call CreateAssociationEntry procedure of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b>
with the following parameters to adjust the access scope associations.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ObjectType</i>
is set to EnumerationObjectType.IPRange.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ObjectId</i>
is assigned the value of <b>UpdateRange.range.RecordId</b>.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>