<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.76 GetFreeIPAddresses</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation can be used to retrieve the IP addresses that
are not present in the IPAM data store and that can potentially map to the
specified IP range.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;GetFreeIPAddresses&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/GetFreeIPAddresses&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_GetFreeIPAddresses_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/GetFreeIPAddressesResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_GetFreeIPAddresses_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the
IIpamServer_GetFreeIPAddresses_InputMessage request message, the server
performs the following processing steps. Upon successful completion of the
following steps, the server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_GetFreeIPAddresses_OutputMessage message. In the event of a
failure, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP
fault</a> MUST be sent to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If the <b>GetFreeIPAddresses.addressFamily</b>
is InterNetwork, the rest of the processing is done with the IPv4-specific
tables. Otherwise IPv6-specific tables are used for further processing.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Lookup the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>
for the row whose <b>RecordId</b> is equal to <b>GetFreeIPAddresses.rangeRecordId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call the
procedure GetIPRangeFromTable passing the <b>RecordId</b> of the row found as <i>Param_id</i>
and addressfamily as <i>Param_addressfamily</i>. Store the result into <b>parentRange</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>parentRange.ManagedByValue</b>
is MS DHCP, return NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Lookup the <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>
for the rows whose RangeRecordId is the same as <b>GetFreeIPAddresses.
rangeRecordId</b>. Store these results in mappedIPAddresses.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
mappedIPAddresses exist, then iterate from <b>GetFreeIPAddresses.startIPAddress</b>
to <b>GetFreeIPAddresses.endIPAddress</b> and check whether the IP Address is
not in mappedIPAddresses. If it is not, add it to the
GetFreeIPAddressesResponse.<b>GetFreeIPAddressesResult</b>. Continue the
iteration until the number of IP Addresses in the result set is equal to <b>GetFreeIPAddresses.numFreeIPAddresses</b>
or <b>GetFreeIPAddresses.endIPAddress</b> is reached.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
mappedIPAddresses do not exist, iterate from <b>GetFreeIPAddresses.startIPAddress</b>
to <b>GetFreeIPAddresses.endIPAddress</b> and add the IP Address to the <b>GetFreeIPAddressesResponse.GetFreeIPAddressesResult</b>
until the number of IP Addresses in the result set is equal to <b>GetFreeIPAddresses.numFreeIPAddresses</b>
or until <b>GetFreeIPAddresses.endIPAddress</b> is reached.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>