<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.122 PurgeAuditData</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation initiates the purge of the rows in the
various audit tables in the IPAM data store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;PurgeAuditData&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/PurgeAuditData&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_PurgeAuditData_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/PurgeAuditDataResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_PurgeAuditData_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the IIpamServer_PurgeAuditData_InputMessage
request message, the server performs the following processing steps. Upon
successful completion of these steps, the server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_PurgeAuditData_OutputMessage. In the event of a failure, an
appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a>
MUST be sent to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<p>If PurgeAuditData.auditPurge is not NULL, and EndDate is
specified and is greater than the current date and time, and at least one of
the following settings is set to TRUE, perform the following steps:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>PurgeDhcpConfigurationAudit</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>PurgeIPAddressAudit</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>PurgeIpamConfigurationAudit</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>EndDate MUST be specified and MUST NOT be greater than current
date and time.</p>

</li></ul><p>The following steps are performed in an asynchronous manner
once the response message is also sent out:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Set <b>ADM_IsAuditPurgeInProgress</b> to TRUE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set <b>ADM_CommonProperties.LastPurgeAuditResult</b> to &quot;&quot;.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If PurgeAuditData.auditPurge.PurgeDhcpConfigurationAudit is TRUE: </p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Delete rows from <b>ADM_ConfigurationAuditTable</b> whose
TimeOfEvent is lesser than or equal to EndDate specified and ServerType is
DHCP.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>If PurgeAuditData.auditPurge.PurgeIPAddressAudit is TRUE:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Delete rows from <b>ADM_IPAddressAuditTable</b> whose TimeOfEvent
is lesser than or equal to EndDate specified.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>If PurgeAuditData.auditPurge.PurgeIpamConfigurationAudit is TRUE: </p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Delete rows from <b>ADM_ConfigurationAuditTable</b> whose
TimeOfEvent is lesser than or equal to EndDate specified and ServerType is
IPAM.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set <b>ADM_IsAuditPurgeInProgress</b> to FALSE.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If during the processing of the audit purge, any SOAP fault was
generated, set ADM_CommonProperties.LastPurgeAuditResult to the fault
information.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>