<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.5.5 BuiltInCustomField</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This simple type is an enumeration that specifies the
identifier for the predefined custom field.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre>   &lt;xs:simpleType name=&quot;BuiltInCustomField&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:restriction base=&quot;xs:string&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;None&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;Rir&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;RegionLegacy&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;CountryOrRegion&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;TypeOfNetworks&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;ADSite&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;MicrosoftServerRole&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DeviceType&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;ManagedBy&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;ManagedByEntity&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IPAddressState&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IPAddressPoolName&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;LogicalNetwork &quot; /&gt;
       &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DnsSuffix &quot; /&gt;
       &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;NetworkSite&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;VMNetwork&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;Tenant&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;Isolation&quot; /&gt;  &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;Region&quot; /&gt; &lt;/xs:restriction&gt;
   &lt;/xs:simpleType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<table>
 <thead>
 <tr>
 <th>
 <p>Value</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Description</p>
 </th>
 </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>None</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Unspecified or an invalid value.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>Rir</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The custom field that specifies the Regional Internet
 Registry (RIR) information. See <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=234171">[IANA-IPV4]</a> for
 information on RIR.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>RegionLegacy</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The custom field that specifies the region information
 as represented in previous versions of IPAM.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>CountryOrRegion</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The custom field that specifies the country or region
 information.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>TypeOfNetworks</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The custom field that specifies the type of network.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ADSite</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The custom field that specifies the Active Directory <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_8abdc986-5679-42d9-ad76-b11eb5a0daba">site</a>.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>MicrosoftServerRole</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The custom field that specifies the Microsoft server
 role.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DeviceType</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The custom field that specifies the device type.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ManagedBy</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The custom field that is used to specify a management
 entity.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ManagedByEntity</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The custom field that is used to specify a specific
 instance of a management entity.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPAddressState</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The custom field that is used to specify the address
 state (in-use or inactive).</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPAddressPoolName</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The custom field that is used to specify the IP
 address pool information.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>LogicalNetwork</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The custom field that is used to specify the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_a80df3b8-7f71-4445-baf5-f8c0235a41ef">logical network</a>
 information.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DnsSuffix</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The custom field that is used to specify the DNS
 suffix.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>NetworkSite</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The custom field that is used to specify the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_c16be3f9-b495-4e59-acd5-39966e0f1961">network site</a>.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>VMNetwork</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The custom field that is used to specify the
 virtualized network.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>Tenant</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The custom field that is used to specify the tenant.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>Isolation</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The custom field that is used to specify the network
 isolation technology used in virtualized networks, for example, IP Rewrite,
 NVGRE, VLAN, or VXLAN.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>Region</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The custom field that specifies the region
 information.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>