<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.152 DhcpScopeV4TemplateConfiguration</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The DhcpScopeV4TemplateConfiguration complex type is used to
edit a collection of DHCP IPv4 scopes. It specifies the properties of the scope
that need to be changed for the collection in a multi-select edit operation.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;DhcpScopeV4TemplateConfiguration&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:DhcpScopeTemplateConfiguration&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;BootpLeaseDuration&quot; type=&quot;ser:duration&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;BootpLeaseDurationType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpLeaseDurationType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsDisableDynamicPtrUpdatesType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DnsDisableDynamicPtrUpdateType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsNotRequestingClientsUpdateType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpDnsNotRequestingClientsUpdateType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;LeaseDuration&quot; type=&quot;ser:duration&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;LeaseDurationType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpLeaseDurationType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;PolicyActivationState&quot; type=&quot;ipam:PolicyState&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServingClientsType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpServingClientsType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SubnetDelay&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>BootpLeaseDuration</b>: Specifies the lease
duration to be used for BOOTP protocol clients. See <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90319">[RFC2132]</a> for more
information on BOOTP clients.</p>

<p><b>BootpLeaseDurationType</b>: Specifies the lease
duration type to be used for the BOOTP protocol clients.</p>

<p><b>DnsDisableDynamicPtrUpdates</b>: This is an enum
of DnsDisableDynamicPtrUpdateType (section <a href="8098ea0e-1d16-438c-b90f-9866da413fe8.md">2.2.5.38</a>) that represents
whether the DNS resource records are dynamically updated based on lease status.</p>

<p><b>DnsNotRequestingClientsUpdateType</b>: Specifies
the dynamic DNS registration behavior to be used for the scope. This specifies
the setting the DHCP server uses for DHCP clients that do not provide any
dynamic DNS registration requirements.</p>

<p><b>LeaseDuration</b>: Specifies the lease duration of
the DHCP scope to be used for DHCP clients.</p>

<p><b>LeaseDurationType</b>: Specifies the type of lease
duration specified for the DHCP clients configured on the DHCP scope.</p>

<p><b>PolicyActivationState</b>: Specifies whether the
DHCP policies are enabled for this scope. </p>

<p><b>ServingClientsType</b>: Specifies the type of
clients the DHCP scope on the DHCP server instance is to be used for.</p>

<p><b>SubnetDelay</b>: Specifies the delay the DHCP
server has to use before servicing the DHCP protocol clients.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>