<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.384 ServerInfo</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The ServerInfo complex type specifies the information
pertaining to the server instances in the IPAM data store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;ServerInfo&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ADDomain&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ADDomainRecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:int&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ConfigurationRetrievalFlag&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ServerInfoConfigRetrievalStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Description&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Domain&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ForestName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IPAddresses&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:ArrayOfIPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;LastModified&quot; type=&quot;xsd:dateTime&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ManagementStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ManagementStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Name&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;NewFlag&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ServerInfoNewFlag&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;OSName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;OSVersion&quot; type=&quot;xsd:decimal&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Owner&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SamAccountName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServerCustomDataCollection&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfCustomFieldValue&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServerGuid&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServerRoleCollection&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfServerRole&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
  
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>ADDomain:</b> Specifies the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_fcaec097-23d5-4b8f-b3e7-5739cc9c1d78">Active Directory domain</a>
that the server instance belongs to.</p>

<p><b>ADDomainRecordId:</b> Specifies the record
identifier of the domain information in the <b>ADM_DiscoveryConfigurationTable</b>.</p>

<p><b>ConfigurationRetrievalFlag</b>: A flag that the
status of the data collection from the server by the IPAM task.</p>

<p><b>Description</b>: Specifies the description that is
associated with the server instance. The length of this element MUST NOT exceed
1024 characters.</p>

<p><b>Domain</b>: Specifies the name of the domain to
which the server instance is joined to. The length of this element MUST NOT
exceed 255 characters.</p>

<p><b>ForestName</b>: Specifies the name of the forest
to which the server instance belongs.</p>

<p><b>IPAddresses</b>: Specifies the list of IP
addresses that are registered with the DNS for the server instance.</p>

<p><b>LastModified</b>: Specifies the time stamp when
the server instance information was last modified.</p>

<p><b>ManagementStatus</b>: Specifies whether the server
instance is enabled for management through the IPAM server or not.</p>

<p><b>Name</b>: Specifies the name of the server
instance. The length of this element MUST NOT exceed 63 characters.</p>

<p><b>NewFlag</b>: Specifies the new or modified flag
associated with the server instance.</p>

<p><b>OSName</b>: Specifies the name of the operating
system running on the server instance. The length of this element MUST NOT
exceed 255 characters.</p>

<p><b>OSVersion</b>: Specifies the version of the
operating system running on the server instance. </p>

<p><b>Owner</b>: Specifies the owner of the server
instance. The length of this element MUST NOT exceed 255 characters.</p>

<p><b>RecordId</b>: Specifies the unique identifier for
the data in the IPAM data store.</p>

<p><b>SamAccountName</b>: Specifies the account name of
the server in the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_6bb6ffcf-2a22-4989-89ef-6c9937f91b8b">security
account manager (SAM) built-in database</a> of the domain.</p>

<p><b>ServerCustomDataCollection</b>: Specifies the list
of custom field values associated with the server instance.</p>

<p><b>ServerGuid</b>: Specifies the GUID associated with
the server that uniquely identifies the server in the domain. The length of
this element MUST NOT exceed 38 characters.</p>

<p><b>ServerRoleCollection</b>: Specifies the collection
of server role instances associated with the server. For example, if the DHCP
and DNS server roles are installed on the same server instance, this collection
will have 2 entries – one corresponding to each role.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>