<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.50.2.2 GetMultivaluedPropertyForBlock</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure retrieves all the values that are associated
with a specified <b>IPBlock</b> and the specified <b>PropertyId</b>.</p>

<p>The following input parameters are used:</p>

<p><b>Param_blockId: </b> This is a signed 64-bit
integer that represents the <b>RecordId</b> of the <b>IPBlock</b> for which the
multivalued properties need to be retrieved.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> This is of type
AddressFamily and it can be either InterNetwork or InterNetworkV6. The value
InterNetwork is used to specify the processing to be done on the IPv4-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing. The value
InterNetworkV6 is used to specify the processing to be done on IPv6-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing. </p>

<p><b>Param_propertyId: </b> This is a signed integer
and MUST be a valid property as specified in section <a href="7bc8b9dc-1907-48b2-a485-b4477959c844.md">3.1.1.1.50.1</a>.</p>

<p>The following is the output parameter from this procedure:</p>

<p><b>Result_BlockMultiValuedProperties: </b> This is a
collection of instances of PropertyValue associated with the provided BlockId
parameter and the specified PropertyId.</p>

<p>The following processing
steps are involved:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up all the
rows in the appropriate simple table of <b>ADM_IPBlockMultivaluedPropertiesTable</b>
corresponding to <i>Param_addressFamily</i>, with the <b>BlockId</b> value
being <i>Param_blockId</i> and <b>PropertyId</b> equal to <i>Param_propertyId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If no such rows
are found, initialize Result_BlockMultiValuedProperties as NULL, and return
from the procedure.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Initialize
Result_BlockMultiValuedProperties as a collection of type PropertyValue.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Initialize an
instance of PropertyValue and assign PropertyValue to it. Add this instance to
the Result_BlockMultiValuedProperties collection.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_BlockMultiValuedProperties as the output of the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>