<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.23 CreateDhcpFailoverDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the <b>IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId</b>
is AdminOperationId.CreateDhcpFailover. The <b>IpamOperationWithProgressParameter</b>
instance in this case MUST be of type DhcpFailoverWithScopesParameters. </p>

<p>This operation is used to create a new DHCP failover
relationship. The following steps are involved. In these steps, any time a
fault is generated, the SetOverallStatus SHOULD be called with the fault
details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If <b>IpamOperationWithProgressParameter</b>
is NULL or not of type <b>DhcpFailoverWithScopesParameters</b>, generate an
appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a>
(as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>).
Project <b>IpamOperationWithProgressParameter</b> in a local variable as <b>CreateDhcpFailoverParameters</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>CreateDhcpFailoverParameters</b>.<b>Failover</b>
is NULL, <b>CreateDhcpFailoverParameters</b>.<b>ScopeIds</b> is NULL, or <b>CreateDhcpFailoverParameters</b>.<b>ScopeIds.count</b>
is 0, generate an appropriate SOAP fault (as specified in section 2.2.2.1).</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Insert a new row
into <b>ADM_DhcpFailoverRelationTable</b> with all the field values populated
from the corresponding fields of <b>CreateDhcpFailoverParameters.Failover</b>.
Keep the returned <b>RecordId</b> of the new relationship in the local variable
<b>FailoverRecordId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each scope
identifier in <b>CreateDhcpFailoverParameters.ScopeIds</b> list, put the
reference of the scope identifier in <b>localDhcpScopeId</b> variable and do
the following steps:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Check if a row exists in <b>ADM_DhcpScopeFailoverTable</b> that has
localDhcpScopeId = <b>ADM_DhcpScopeFailoverTable.ScopeId</b> AND
FailoverRecordId = <b>ADM_DhcpScopeFailoverTable.FailoverRelationId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the row does not exist, add a row to <b>the
ADM_DhcpScopeFailoverTable</b> with <b>ADM_DhcpScopeFailoverTable.ScopeId</b> =
localDhcpScopeId and <b>ADM_DhcpScopeFailoverTable.FailoverRelationId</b> =
FailoverRecordId.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Call
SetOverallStatus with Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>