<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.37 UpdateIpamIPAddressDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.UpdateIpamIpAddress. The IpamOperationWithProgressParameter
instance in this case MUST be of type UpdateIpamIpAddressParameters. </p>

<p>This operation is used to update the properties of an IP
address. In the following steps, any time a fault is generated, the
SetOverallStatus SHOULD be called with the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter is NULL or not of type
UpdateIpamIpAddressParameters, generate an appropriate SOAP fault (as specified
in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>). Project
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
UpdateIpamIpAddressParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Set the
updateIpAddress to UpdateIpamIpAddressParameters.Address.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Set the
currentIpAddress to UpdateIpamIpAddressParameters.OldAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
updateIpAddress or currentIpAddress is NULL, an appropriate SOAP fault (as
specified in section 2.2.2.1) MUST be returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
updateIpAddress using the processing rules listed under ValidateIpamIPAddress,
passing updateIpAddress as <i>Param_address</i>. If any of the processing rules
are not met, an appropriate SOAP fault (as specified in section 2.2.2.1) MUST
be returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Identify the
list of modified properties in the updateIpAddress by finding the number of
properties modified in updateIpAddress.ModifiedProperties. If there are none,
no further processing is required and success is returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>The
addressfamily is set to InterNetwork if the updateIpAddress is IpamIPv4Address
and InterNetworkV6 if the updateIpAddress is IpamIPv6Address. If the
addressFamily is InterNetwork, the rest of the processing is done with the
IPv4-specific tables. Otherwise IPv6-specific tables are used for further
processing.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Fetch the
existing IpamIPAddress data by invoking the GetIPAddressFromTable procedure of <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>
by passing the currentIpAddress.RecordId as the <i>Param_id</i> parameter and
addressfamily as <i>Param_addressfamily</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Compare the
values of the properties listed in updateIpAddress.ModifiedProperties to their
corresponding values in currentIpAddress. Only those values that have changed
will be used to update the values in the data store.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Identify whether any of the
following properties are part of updateIPAddress.ModifiedProperties and whether
there is a difference in value between the one present in currentIPAddress and
updateIPaddress:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>IPAddress</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><b>ManagedByValue</b>. This is a computed field of the updateIpAddress.
This is the value of the custom field whose record identifier is <b>ADM_ManagedByCustomFieldId</b>
retrieved from updateIpAddress.CustomFieldValues.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><b>ManagedByEntityValue</b>. This is a computed field of the
updateIpAddress. This is the value of the custom field whose record identifier
is ManagedByEntityCustomFieldId, retrieved from
updateIpAddress.CustomFieldValues.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If any of the above fields
have changed and are different from the values in currentIpAddress, the
following additional processing has to be done: </p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Validate if adding updateIpAddress can lead to any invalid duplicate
addresses in the IPAM data store as follows:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate all
rows in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> where IPAddress value is the same as
updateIpAddress.IPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each row: </p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Calculate the
ManagedBy value to be the custom field value whose custom field identifier is
the same value as <b>ADM_ManagedByCustomFieldId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Calculate the
ManagedByEntity value to be the custom field value whose custom field
identifier is the same as the <b>ADM_ManagedByEntityCustomFieldId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the ManagedBy
and ManagedByEntity values of the row are the same as
updateIpAddress.ManagedByValue and updateIpAddress.ManagedByEntityValue,
respectively, then an appropriate SOAP fault (as specified in section 2.2.2.1)
MUST be returned.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>The <b>IsDuplicate</b> field
of the existing IP address needs to be reset for currentIPAddress. Enumerate
all rows in IP address table, where the value of IPAddress is the same as
currentIPAddress.IPAddress, and the <b>RecordId</b> is not the same as
currentIPAddress.RecordId, to find the duplicate addresses of the address that
got modified. If the number of rows found is 1, there is only one duplicate
address, and its duplicate status SHOULD be reset. Update the <b>IsDuplicate</b>
field of the only IpamIPAddress found thus as 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>The <b>IsDuplicate</b> field
is recalculated for the addresses based on the new address updateIpAddress.
Enumerate all rows in the table whose IPAddress value is the same as
updateIpAddress.IPAddress. If one or more rows are enumerated, update the <b>IsDuplicate</b>
field of all these rows as 1. Also update the IsDuplicate value of
updateIpAddress to 1.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Update the modified fields
of the address in the IP address table by looking up the row with the <b>RecordId</b>
being updateIpAddress.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
UpdateIpamIpAddressParameters.CreateDhcpReservation is TRUE and
updateIpAddress.DhcpScopeId is specified:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure AddOrUpdateReservation in <b>ADM_DHCPReservationTable</b>
with the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i> is set to addressfamily.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If updateIPAddress.ReservationId is specified, set <i>Param_reservationId</i>
to the value.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_scopeId</i> is set to updateIPAddress.DhcpScopeId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_addressId</i> is set to updateIPAddress.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Copy ReservationDetails from updateIPAddress to <i>Param_reservationDetails</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If the reservation detail is being added newly, assign
Result_reservationId to updateIPAddress.ReservationId and store it in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If
UpdateIpamIpAddressParameters.CreateDNSRecord is TRUE, call the procedure
AddOrUpdateAddressDNSForwardLookupTable in <b>ADM_AddressDNSForwardLookupTable</b>
with the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is set to addressfamily.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressId</i>
is set to updateIPAddress.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_dnsZoneId</i>
is set to the value of updateIPAddress.DnsZoneId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_serverDnsZoneId</i>
is set to the value of updateIPAddress.DnsForwardLookupZoneDnsServerId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
updateIPAddress.DnsForwardLookupZoneRecordId is specified assign it to <i>Param_recordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>On
return, assign Result_recordId to updateIPAddress.DnsForwardLookupZoneRecordId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If
UpdateIpamIpAddressParameters.CreateDNSRecord is TRUE, call the procedure
AddOrUpdateAddressDNSReverseLookup in <b>ADM_AddressDNSReverseLookupTable</b>
with the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is set to addressfamily.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressId</i>
is set to updateIPAddress.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_dnsZoneId</i>
is set to the value of updateIPAddress.DnsReverseLookupZoneId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_serverDnsZoneId</i>
is set to the value of updateIPAddress.DnsReverseLookupZoneDnsServerId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
updateIPAddress.DnsReverseLookupZoneRecordId is specified assign it to <i>Param_recordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>On
return, assign Result_recordId to updateIPAddress.DnsReverseLookupZoneRecordId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
updateIpAddress.CustomFieldValues by performing the processing rules listed
under the ValidateCustomFieldValues section. If the custom field values are
valid, call the SetCustomFieldValues procedure in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
with the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i>
is assigned the value of updateIpAddress.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ObjectType</i>
is set to EnumerationObjectType.IPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressFamily</i>
is set to the value of addressfamily.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_CustomFieldValuesCollection</i>
is set to the value of updateIpAddress.CustomFieldValues.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If the <b>ADM_CommonProperties.ExpiryAlertThreshold</b>
is not 0, and if updateIPAddress.ExpiryDate is modified, then set
updateIPAddress.InWarningPeriod to TRUE if the following conditions are
satisfied. Otherwise, InWarningPeriod is set to FALSE.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Current
date and time is less than updateIPAddress.ExpiryDate. </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Current
date and time + <b>ADM_CommonProperties.ExpiryAlertThreshold</b> is greater
than updateIPAddress.ExpiryDate.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If current date and time is
greater than updateIPAddress.ExpiryDate, set updateIPAddress.IsExpired to TRUE.
Otherwise, updateIPAddress.IsExpired is set to FALSE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call SetOverallStatus with
Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>