<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.104 DhcpFailover</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>DhcpFailover allows extended attributes on a BaseIpamObject
type (section <a href="1296bf34-5951-47ed-bbe0-a328f0630865.md">2.2.4.64</a>)
and models a DHCP Failover relationship between two DHCP servers.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;DhcpFailover&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AutoStateTransition&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;MCLT&quot; type=&quot;ser:duration&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Mode&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpFailoverMode&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;OperationTracker&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfDhcpFailoverOperations&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RelationshipName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Server1IP&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Server1Name&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Server1PSName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Server1Percentage&quot; type=&quot;xsd:unsignedInt&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Server1RecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Server1State&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpFailoverState&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Server2IP&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Server2Name&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Server2PSName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Server2RecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Server2State&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpFailoverState&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServerOwner&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpFailoverOperationOwner&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SharedSecret&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:base64Binary&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SharedSecretEnabled&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;StateSwitchInterval&quot; type=&quot;ser:duration&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>AutoStateTransition: </b> A Boolean value that
indicates if the associated DhcpFailover object supports automatic transition
from the COMM-INTR failover state to the PARTNER DOWN failover state.</p>

<p><b>MCLT: </b> An object of type TimeSpan, it is used
to store the Maximum Client Lead Time of the associated DhcpFailover object.</p>

<p><b>Mode: </b> A DhcpFailoverMode (section <a href="a061b56d-5867-4dbb-bc0f-9c9453320d3e.md">2.2.5.17</a>) that indicate
the mode of functioning of the associated DhcpFailover object, Hot standby /
Load Balanced.</p>

<p><b>OperationTracker: </b> Tracks whether a database
update is needed after a failover operation. It is filled in after a DHCP
server failover operation.</p>

<p><b>RecordId: </b> A long int that refers to the
record Id in the data store of the corresponding failover relationship.</p>

<p><b>RelationshipName: </b> A string that stores the
name of the failover relationship.</p>

<p><b>Server1IP: </b> An IpamIPAddress (section <a href="364a63ef-be28-498d-a67d-ed3df88b545a.md">2.2.4.257</a>) that stores the
IP address of the primary server in the failover relationship.</p>

<p><b>Server1Name: </b> A string that stores the name of
the primary server as known to IPAM.</p>

<p><b>Server1PSName: </b> A string that stores the
primary server name as returned from the DHCP server.</p>

<p><b>Server1Percentage: </b> A UINT, that stores the
percentage address reserved/allocated for use of the primary server in the
failover relationship.</p>

<p><b>Server1RecordId: </b> A long which stores the data
store record Id of the primary server.</p>

<p><b>Server1State: </b> A DhcpFailoverState (section <a href="ef0a4760-ccfa-4def-a5cb-c30dd0d2dee1.md">2.2.5.20</a>) that stores the
failover state of the primary server.</p>

<p><b>Server2IP: </b> An IpamIPAddress (section
2.2.4.257) that stores the IP address of the secondary server.</p>

<p><b>Server2Name: </b> A string that stores the name of
the secondary server as known to IPAM.</p>

<p><b>Server2PSName: </b> A string that stores the
secondary server name as returned from the DHCP server.</p>

<p><b>Server2RecordId: </b> A long int and stores the
data store record id of the secondary server.</p>

<p><b>Server2State: </b> A DhcpFailoverState that stores
the failover state of the secondary server.</p>

<p><b>ServerOwner: </b> A DhcpFailoverOperationOwner
(section <a href="036dfae3-693d-45a0-b97c-95c296b6217a.md">2.2.5.18</a>) that
identifies which server in the relationship was a failover operation, such as
replication, initiated from.</p>

<p><b>SharedSecret: </b> Stores the encryption secret as
an array of bytes.</p>

<p><b>SharedSecretEnabled: </b> A Boolean that indicates
if encryption is enabled for this relationship.</p>

<p><b>StateSwitchInterval: </b> A TimeSpan that defines
the time after which an automatic switch from COMM-INTR to PARTNER DOWN will
occur. </p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>