<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.13 CreateOrUpdateIPV6Reservation</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is used to create a new IPv6 reservation or
if the reservation corresponding to the given IPv6 address exists already, to
update it.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;CreateOrUpdateIPV6Reservation&quot; xmlns:wsdl=&quot;http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/wsdl/&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/CreateOrUpdateIPV6Reservation&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_CreateOrUpdateIPV6Reservation_InputMessage&quot; xmlns:wsaw=&quot;http://www.w3.org/2006/05/addressing/wsdl&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/CreateOrUpdateIPV6ReservationResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_CreateOrUpdateIPV6Reservation_OutputMessage&quot; xmlns:wsaw=&quot;http://www.w3.org/2006/05/addressing/wsdl&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the
IIpamServer_CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation_InputMessage request message, the
server performs the following processing steps. Upon successful completion of
these steps, the server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation_OutputMessage message. In the event
of a failure, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be sent to the client as specified
in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If any of the
following conditions is not satisfied, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be
generated.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation.ipAddress</b>
is NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation.ipAddress.DhcpScopeSubnetId</b>
is 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation.ipAddress.Address</b>
is NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation.ipAddress.Duid</b>
is NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation.ipAddress.ReservationServer</b>
is NULL or empty string.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation.ipAddress.ReservationName</b>
is NULL or empty string.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Check the
ReservationSyncStatus property to see if the reservation specified in ipam:IpamIpAddress
element in the input message is marked to be an existing reservation or not.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
reservation exists, call the procedure AddOrUpdateReservation in <b>ADM_DHCPReservationTable</b>
passing the address family, Scope ID, Address ID, and reservation details from
the input message and the reservationId found in the previous step. If the
procedure updated the reservation successfully, return the IpamIpAddress in the
CreateOrUpdateIPv6ReservationResponse element.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
reservation does not exist, call the procedure AddOrUpdateReservation in <b>ADM_DHCPReservationTable</b>
passing the address family, Scope ID, Address ID, and reservation details from
the input message and the reservationId as NULL. If the procedure added the
reservation successfully, update the returned reservationId in IpamIpAddress
and populate that in the CreateOrUpdateIPv6ReservationResponse element.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Compute the
ManagedByValue for the <b>CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation.ipAddress</b> as the
value of the custom field in <b>CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation.ipAddress</b>.CustomFieldValues
that has the record identifier <b>ADM_ManagedByCustomFieldId.</b></p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Compute the
ManagedByEntity for the <b>CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation.ipAddress</b> as the
value of the custom field in
CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation.ipAddress.CustomFieldValues that has the record
identifier <b>ADM_ManagedByEntityCustomFieldId.</b></p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
ManagedByEntity field computed previously is the same as <b>CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation.ipAddress.ReservationServer</b>,
then set <b>CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation.ipAddress.ReservationSyncStatus</b>
as <b>ipam::DhcpReservationSyncStatus.Exists</b>. Oterhwise, set the <b>CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation.ipAddress.ReservationSyncStatus</b>
as <b>ipam::DhcpReservationSyncStatus.CreateSuccess</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>In case of any
error while updating the reservation in step 4, set <b>CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation.ipAddress.ReservationSyncStatus</b>
as <b>ipam::DhcpReservationSyncStatus.CreateFailure</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Update the
ReservationSyncStatus in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> in the row corresponding to <b>CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation.ipAddress.RecordId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>In case of any error while
updating the reservation in step 4, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be raised.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>