<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.22 SetDhcpReservationCollectionDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the <b>IpamOperationWithProgressParameter</b>.<b>OperationId</b>
is AdminOperationId.SetDhcpReservationCollection. The <b>IpamOperationWithProgressParameter</b>
instance in this case MUST be of type SetDhcpReservationCollectionParameters
(section <a href="c68212c0-c587-42cb-8f97-0898276609c5.md">2.2.4.395</a>). </p>

<p>This operation updates the properties of a collection of
existing DHCP reservations. In the following steps, any time a fault is
generated, the SetOverallStatus is called with the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter is NULL or not of type
SetDhcpReservationCollectionParameters, generate an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a> (as specified in
section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>).
Project <i>IpamOperationWithProgressParameter</i> in a local variable as
SetDhcpReservationCollectionParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If SetDhcpReservationCollectionParameters.ReservationRecordIds
is NULL or. SetDhcpReservationCollectionParameters.ReservationRecordIds.count
equals 0, generate an appropriate SOAP fault (as specified in section 2.2.2.1).</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each
reservation identifier DhcpReservationRecordId in the
SetDhcpReservationCollectionParameters.ReservationRecordIds collection, do
steps 4 and 5.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call the
GetDhcpReservation procedure of <b>ADM_DHCPReservationTable</b> by passing the
following values:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
to Param_addressfamily.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
DhcpReservationRecordId to Param_reservationId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
Result_reservation output from the procedure to a local variable
DhcpReservation.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Call the
procedure <b>AddOrUpdateReservation</b> of <b>ADM_DHCPReservationTable</b>,
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
SetDhcpReservationCollectionParameters.Family to Param_addressfamily.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
<b>DhcpReservationRecordId</b> to Param_reservationId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Pass
Param_addressId as <b>DhcpReservation.Address</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Pass
Param_scopeId as <b>DhcpReservation.ParentScope</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Pass
Param_reservationDetails as SetDhcpReservationCollectionParameters.Configuration.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Call
SetOverallStatus with Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>