<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.47 CreateDnsConditionalForwardersDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.CreateDnsConditionalForwarders. The
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter instance in this case MUST be of type
DnsConditionalForwardersParameters (section <a href="39286dfd-3831-48b9-a62b-896b3728baa1.md">2.2.4.181</a>). </p>

<p>This operation is used to create DNS conditional forwarders.
In the following procedure, any time a fault is generated, SetOverallStatus
SHOULD be called with the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter is NULL or not of type
DnsConditionalForwardersParameters, generate an appropriate SOAP fault (section
<a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>). Project
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
DnsConditionalForwardersParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
DnsConditionalForwardersParameters is NULL or
DnsConditionalForwardersParameters.ConditionalForwarders is NULL or
DnsConditionalForwardersParameters.ConditionalForwarders.Count equals 0,
generate an appropriate SOAP fault.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate each of
the DnsConditionalForwardersParameters.ConditionalForwarders using the
processing rules listed under ValidateDnsConditionalForwarder (section <a href="a47c8124-e5be-4514-94f4-a2061fb317fe.md">3.1.4.26</a>) by passing
DnsConditionalForwardersParameters.ConditionalForwarders as <i>Param_dnsConditionalForwarder</i>.
If any processing rules are not met, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be
returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each DNS conditional
forwarder in DnsConditionalForwardersParameters.ConditionalForwarders, insert a
new row into <b>ADM_DNSConditionalForwarderTable</b> with all the field values
populated from the corresponding fields of the current iterated DNS conditional
forwarder.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call
SetOverallStatus with Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>