<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.2.2.1 GetCustomFieldValues</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure retrieves the custom field values for an
object of a specified type identified by its record identifier. The procedure
takes the following input parameters:</p>

<p><b>Param_ObjectRecordId: </b> This is a 64-bit signed
integer specifying the <b>RecordId</b> of the object of type <i>Param_ObjectType</i>
for which the custom field values are being retrieved.</p>

<p><b>Param_ObjectType: </b> This is of type
EnumerationObjectType specifying the type of the object for which the custom
field values are being requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressFamily: </b> This is of type
AddressFamily specifying the address family of the object for which the custom
field values are being requested.</p>

<p>The procedure returns two collections:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>A collection of CustomFieldValue objects.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>A collection of CustomFieldPartialValue</p>

</li></ul><p>Both are two different ways of representing the custom field
values.</p>

<p><b>Param_CustomFieldValueList: </b> This consists of
the of CustomFieldValue collection and specifies the custom field values
associated with the object.</p>

<p><b>Param_CustomFieldPartialValueList: </b> This
consists of the collection of CustomFieldPartialValue to specify the custom
field values associated with the object.</p>

<p>The following processing
steps are involved.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Initialize the
collections <i>Param_CustomFieldValueList</i> and <i>Param_CustomFieldPartialValueList</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows that have ObjectType equal to <i>Param_ObjectType</i>, UsedById equal to <i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i>,
and Af equal to <i>Param_addressFamily</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each row
enumerated, perform the following steps:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Create a new instance of CustomFieldValue and CustomFieldPartialValue to
be added to their respective collections.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Look up the custom field row in <b>ADM_CustomFieldsTable</b> using the
CustomFieldId field value.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the type of the custom field that is retrieved above is multivalued,
the following steps need to be performed:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up the
custom field value row in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesTable</b> having the <b>RecordId</b>
value being CustomFieldValueId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign the
BuiltInCustomFieldValueId to CustomFieldValue.BuiltInCustomFieldValueId. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>RecordId</b>
to CustomFieldValue.RecordId field.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign Value to
CustomFieldValue.Value field.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>RecordId</b>
to CustomFieldPartialValue.ValueId.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the type of
the custom field that is retrieved is freeform, perform the following steps:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign Value to the <b>CustomFieldValue.Value</b> field.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign Value to the <b>CustomFieldPartialValue.Value</b> field.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign the custom field details as follows:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Assign the <b>RecordId</b> of the entry in <b>ADM_CustomFieldsTable</b>
to CustomFieldValue.ParentCustomFieldRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Assign the <b>RecordId</b> of the entry in <b>ADM_CustomFieldsTable</b>
to CustomFieldPartialValue.ParentCustomFieldId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Assign Type of the entry in <b>ADM_CustomFieldsTable</b> to
CustomFieldPartialValue.ParentCustomFieldType.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Assign CustomFieldDetails.BuiltinCustomFieldNumber to
CustomFieldValue.ParentCustomFieldNumber.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>