<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.13.2.1 GetScopeInformationForRange</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure takes the following input parameter.</p>

<p><b>Param_range: </b> The IPRange having the <b>IPRange.ScopeRecordId</b>
for which additional scope and DHCP server-specific details are to be
retrieved.</p>

<p>When the procedure completes, the scope-specific details are
filled in <i>Param_range</i> and passed as input parameter.</p>

<p>The following are the steps performed by this procedure.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>The address
family of the address range for which the scope information is requested is
used to determine the simple table within <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b> on which
further processing steps are performed.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Look up the <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b>
for the row with <b>RecordId</b> equal to IPRange.ScopeRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If it is found,
perform the following processing.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
the ScopeName of the scope row entry to IPRange.DhcpScopeName of Param_range.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
the SubnetId of the scope row entry to the IPRange.SubnetId of Param_range.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
the SubnetMask of the scope row entry to the IPRange.SubnetMask of Param_range.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
the Description of the scope row entry to the IPRange.Description of
Param_range.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
ExclusionRanges of the scope row entry to the IPRange.ExclusionRanges of
Param_range.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If
IPRange.IsOverlapping is set to TRUE, then look up the row in <b>ADM_DhcpScopeFailoverTable</b>
that has ScopeId equal to IPRange.ScopeRecordId. If such a row is found, set
IPRange.RangeOverlapState to IPRangeOverlap.OverlappingBecauseFailover;
otherwise set it to IPRangeOverlap.Overlapping.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Look up the row
in <b>ADM_ServersTable</b> that has the server instance information that is
hosting the scope row entry. This is done by performing the following sequence
of look-ups. </p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Look up <b>ADM_DHCPServersTable</b> on <b>RecordId</b> using the scope
row entry's DHCPServerRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Look up the <b>ADM_ServerRolesTable</b> on <b>RecordId</b> by using the
ServerRoleRecordId in the row in the <b>ADM_DHCPServersTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Lookup the <b>ADM_ServersTable</b> on record identifier by using the
ServerRecordId in the row in the <b>ADM_ServerRolesTable</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>From the row in
the <b>ADM_ServersTable</b>, make the following assignments:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign ServerGuid from the row in the <b>ADM_ServersTable</b> to
IPRange.DhcpServerGuid of Param_range.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign Name from the row in the <b>ADM_ServersTable</b> to
IPRange.DhcpServerName of <b>Param_range</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>