<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.121 MapRangeToReverseLookupZone</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation can be used to manually map an IP range with
a DNS reverse look-up zone.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;MapRangeToReverseLookupZone&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/MapRangeToReverseLookupZone&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_MapRangeToReverseLookupZone_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/MapRangeToReverseLookupZoneResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_MapRangeToReverseLookupZone_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving
IIpamServer_MapRangeToReverseLookupZone_InputMessage, the server performs the
following processing steps. Upon successful completion of these steps, the
server MUST respond with IIpamServer_MapRangeToReverseLookupZone_OutputMessage.
In the event of a failure, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be sent to the client
as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
MapRangeToReverseLookupZone.range is NULL,
MapRangeToReverseLookupZone.range.recordId is NULL, or
MapRangeToReverseLookupZone.range.recordId is 0, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST
be generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
MapRangeToReverseLookupZone.reverseZone is NULL, iterate through all the rows
of ADM_RangeDNSReverseLookupTable and store the AddressFamily of the row that
has RangeRecordId equal to MapRangeToReverseLookupZone.range.recordId in the
temporary variable temp_AddressFamily. Delete the row from the table. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call the
procedure GetAllMappingIPAddressesForRange from <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> with
MapRangeToReverseLookupZone.range.recordId and temp_AddressFamily as input and
store the output as temp_IPAddresses. Iterate through all the rows in <b>ADM_ResourceRecord</b>
table and if there are any rows with RecordType as A, AAAA, or PTR, and
IPv4AddressId or IPv6AddressId is equal to <b>RecordId</b> of any of the
records in temp_IPAddresses, make IPv4AddressId and IPv6AddressId of those rows
equal NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
MapRangeToReverseLookupZone.reverseZone is not NULL, do the following:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>On the basis of MapRangeToReverseLookupZone.reverseZone.StartIP,
MapRangeToReverseLookupZone.reverseZone.EndIP,
MapRangeToReverseLookupZone.range.StartIPAddress,
MapRangeToReverseLookupZone.range,EndIPAddress, check that the range overlaps
with the reverse lookup zone boundary. If not, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST
be sent to the client as specified in section 2.2.2.1.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetMappedIPRangesForReverseLookupZone in <b>ADM_RangeDNSReverseLookupTable</b>
with MapRangeToReverseLookupZone.reverseZone.recordId as input parameter and
store the output in temp_MappedRangesIds variable. Iterate through <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>
and retrieve all the records with <b>RecordId</b> the same as that of elements
in temp_MappedRangeIds. For any IP ranges that overlap with MapRangeToReverseLookupZone.range,
an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be sent to the client as specified in section
2.2.2.1.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Iterate through all the rows in <b>ADM_RangeDNSReverseLookupTable</b>.
If there is any row where RangeRecordId is same as
MapRangeToReverseLookupZone.range.recordId, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be
sent to the client as specified in section 2.2.2.1.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Add a new row in <b>ADM_RangeDNSReverseLookupTable</b> with
RangeRecordId as MapRangeToReverseLookupZone.range.recordId, AddressFamily as
MapRangeToReverseLookupZone.range.startIPAddress.AddressFamily, and
DNSZoneRecordId as MapRangeToReverseLookupZone.reverseZone.RecordId.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If all the
operations are successful return
MapRangeToReverseLookupZoneResponse.MapRangeToReverseLookupZoneResult as TRUE.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>