<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.37.2.1 GetOperationGroupHierarchy</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure retrieves all parent operations groups and
their constituent child operation groups.</p>

<p>No input parameter is passed to this procedure.</p>

<p>The output parameter is as follows:</p>

<p><b>Result_OperationGroupHierarchy</b>: A collection
of tuples that contain the following elements:</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<p><b>parentOperationGroupId</b>: This represents the
operation group id of an operation group that is made up of other operation
groups.</p>
</dd>
<dd>
<p><b>parentOperationGroupName</b>: This represents the
operation group name of the parent operation group.</p>
</dd>
<dd>
<p><b>childOperationGroupList</b>: This consists of a
collection of the following members:</p>
</dd>
<dd>
<p><b>operationGroupId</b>: This represents the
operation group id of a child operation group.</p>
</dd>
<dd>
<p><b>operationGroupName</b>: This represents the
operation group name of the child operation group.</p>
</dd></dl>









<p>The processing steps are as follows:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Retrieve a
unique ParentOperationGroupId from <b>ADM_AdminOperationGroupHierarchyTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each
parentOperationGroupId retrieved in the previous step, do the following:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Create a tuple of type Result_OperationGroupHierarchy called tempTuple.
Assign tempTuple.parentOperationGroupId to parentOperationGroupId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Look up the operation group name for parentOperationGroupId in <b>ADM_AdminOperationGroupsTable</b>.
Assign it to tempTuple.parentOperationGroupName.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Retrieve all records from <b>ADM_AdminOperationGroupHierarchyTable</b>
whose ParentOperationGroupId match the parentOperationGroupId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each childOperationGroupId retrieved in the previous step, do the
following:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Create a tuple
of type Result_OperationGroupHierarchy.childOperationGroupList called
tempChildTuple in tempTuple. Assign tempChildTuple.operationGroupId to
childOperationGroupId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Look up the
operation group name for childOperationGroupId in <b>ADM_AdminOperationGroupsTable</b>.
Assign it to tempChildTuple.operationGroupName.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Add
tempChildTuple to tempTuple.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Add tempTuple to
Result_OperationGroupHierarchy.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li></ol><p>3.<span> 
</span>Return Result_OperationGroupHierarchy.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>