<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.9.2.1 GetDnsReverseLookupZoneFromTable</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can be used to retrieve the
DnsReverseLookupZone with the specified <b>RecordId</b>. The following is the
input parameter to this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Param_recordId</b>: The record identifier for which the
DnsReverseLookupZone data is required.</p>

<p>The following is the output parameter of this procedure:</p>

<p><b>Result_reverseLookupZone</b>: This is of type
DnsReverseLookupZone containing the data for the requested reverse lookup zone
from the IPAM data store.</p>

<p>The following are the steps involved.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up <b>ADM_DNSServerReverseLookupZoneTable</b>
for the row with <b>RecordId</b> being <i>Param_recordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the row is
not found, set Result_reverseLookupZone to NULL and return.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Set the
following values from the row entry to Result_reverseLookupZone.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Result_reverseLookupZone.RecordId
is assigned <b>RecordId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Result_reverseLookupZone.Name
is assigned Name.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Copy
ZoneDetails from the row to Result_reverseLookupZone.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Call
GetAccessScopeForObjectIdAndType of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectId</i>
is set to <i>Param_Id</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectType</i>
is set to IpamObjectType.DNSReverseLookupZone.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectInheritanceStatus</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_inheritanceId</i>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <i>Param_accessScopeId</i>
to Result_reverseLookupZone.AccessScopeId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <i>Param_objectInheritanceStatus</i>
to Result_reverseLookupZone.IsInheritedAccessScope.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_reverseLookupZone from the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>