<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.18.1 Data Model</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p><b>RecordId: </b> <b>primary key</b>: A 64-bit unique
signed integer that is unique for each entry in the table. The data store
assigns a unique value when a new row is inserted into the table. This forms
the <b>RecordId</b> of the <b>DhcpOption</b> data structure.</p>

<p><b>ServerRecordId</b>: foreign key (<b>ADM_DHCPServersTable,
RecordId</b>) on delete cascade<b>: </b> This is the record identifier of the
DHCP server in which the option is defined.</p>

<p><b>ScopeRecordId: foreign key (ADM_DHCPScopesTable,
RecordId) on delete cascade: </b> This is the record identifier of the DHCP
scope in which the option is defined. This will not be set if the row
represents a server-level option.</p>

<p><b>OptionDefinitionRecordId:  foreign key
(ADM_DHCPServersTable.OptionDefinitions, RecordId) on delete no action: </b> This
is the record identifier of the option definition corresponding to the DHCP
option information.</p>

<p><b>UserClassRecordId: foreign key
(ADM_DHCPServersTable.UserClasses, RecordId) on delete no action: </b> This is
the record identifier of the user class for which the row specifies the option
value.</p>

<p><b>OptionReferenceType: </b>This is of type
DhcpOptionOwnerType, specifying whether the option is defined at the DHCP
server level or at the DHCP scope level.</p>

<p><b>Values: </b> This is a <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ad861812-8cb0-497a-80bb-13c95aa4e425">BLOB</a> specifying the value
for the option.</p>

<p><b>ReservationId: </b> This is the record identifier
of the DhcpReservation for which the row specifies the option value.</p>

<p>For an IPv4-specific table, the following additional column
is also present:</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<p><b>PolicyId:</b> foreign key (<b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable,
PolicyId</b>); on delete no action, on update no action. This is the record
identifier of the DhcpPolicy for which the row specifies the option value. </p>
</dd></dl>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>