<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.145 UpdateAddressSpace</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation can be used to edit the settings of an
existing address space in the IPAM data store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;UpdateAddressSpace&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/UpdateAddressSpace&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_UpdateAddressSpace_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/UpdateAddressSpaceResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_UpdateAddressSpace_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the
IIpamServer_UpdateAddressSpace_InputMessage request message, the server
performs the following processing steps. Upon successful completion of these
steps, the server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_UpdateAddressSpace_OutputMessage message. In the event of a
failure, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP
fault</a> MUST be sent to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Store
UpdateAddressSpace.addressSpace in a temporary data store updatedAddressSpace.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
updatedAddressSpace is a valid entry by invoking the GetAddressSpaceById
procedure of <b>ADM_AddressSpaceTable</b> by passing the updatedAddressSpace as
the <i>Param_AddressSpaceId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
Result_AddressSpace is NULL, the address space specified is not present and is
not processed further. An appropriate SOAP fault is thrown. Otherwise, store
result as the oldAddressSpace temporary data store.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
updatedAddressSpace.ModifiedProperties is empty, there are no updates to be
performed and the block is not processed further.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the updatedAddressSpace
by invoking the ValidateAddressSpace passing the ValidateAddressSpace as
Param_AddressSpace.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If not all the
validation requirements are met, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>IPAM doesn’t
allow modification of an AddressSpaceType. Thus, if
updatedAddressSpace.AddressSpaceType is not the same as
oldAddressSpace.AddressSpaceType, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Names of address
spaces in IPAM MUST be unique. If the Name property of updatedAddressSpace is
modified, that is, if updatedAddressSpace.Name is not the same as
oldAddressSpace.Name, then do the following to check that there isn’t already
an address space by the updated name:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Call procedure GetAddressSpaceByName of <b>ADM_AddressSpaceTable</b>
with the following parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Pass
updatedAddressSpace.Name as <i>Param_AddressSpaceName</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Pass NULL as <i>Param_AddressSpaceType</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
Result_AddressSpace is not NULL or empty, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be
generated.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Update the row
in the <b>ADM_AddressSpaceTable</b> with the values for the modified
properties.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the CustomFieldValues is
also part of the ModifiedProperties of the updatedAddressSpace, call the
procedure SetCustomFieldValues in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
by passing the following parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_ObjectType</i> is set to EnumerationObjectType.AddressSpace.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_addressFamily</i> is set to InterNetwork if the
UpdateBlock.ipBlock is IPv4Block. It is set to InterNetworkV6 if the
UpdateBlock.ipBlock is IPv6Block.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i> is assigned the value of
updatedAddressSpace.RecordId.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>