<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.26 DeleteDNSHostRecord</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is used to delete the host record from the
DNS server and also reflect the update in the IPAM data store accordingly.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre>  &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;DeleteDNSHostRecord&quot;&gt;
 &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/DeleteDNSHostRecord&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_DeleteDNSHostRecord_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/DeleteDNSHostRecordResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_DeleteDNSHostRecord_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>The protocol client sends an
IIpamServer_DeleteDNSHostRecord_InputMessage request. The server then performs
the following processing steps. When the operation completes successfully, the
protocol server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_DeleteDNSHostRecord_OutputMessage response. In the event of a
failure, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP
fault</a> MUST be sent to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>. </p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>The following
conditions MUST be met:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span><b>DeleteDNSHostRecord.address</b> is not NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><b>DeleteDNSHostRecord.address.Address</b> is not NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><b>DeleteDNSHostRecord.address.DeviceName</b> is not empty or NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><b>DeleteDNSHostRecord.address.DnsZoneName</b> is not empty or NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><b>DeleteDNSHostRecord.address.DnsForwardLookupZoneServerName</b> is not
empty or NULL.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>The <b>DeleteDNSHostRecord.address.DnsForwardSyncStatus</b>
is updated based on the success or failure of the de-registration on the remote
DNS server in an implementation dependent manner.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call the
procedure AddOrUpdateAddressDNSForwardLookupTable in <b>ADM_AddressDNSForwardLookupTable</b>
with parameters as addressfamily (as determined from the instance type of
DeleteDNSHostRecord.address), <b>DeleteDNSHostRecord.address.RecordId</b>, <b>DeleteDNSHostRecord.address.DnsZoneID</b>,
<b>DeleteDNSHostRecord.address.DnsForwardLookupZoneDnsServerId</b> and <b>DeleteDNSHostRecord.address.DnsForwardLookupZoneRecordId</b>.
This procedure returns the <b>RecordId</b> of the updated row in <b>ADM_AddressDNSForwardLookupTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Iterate through <b>ADM_DNSResourceRecordTable</b>
and delete the rows where RecordType is equal to A or AAAA and IPv4AddressId or
IPv6AddressId matches the DeleteDNSPTRRecord.address.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>The modified <b>DeleteDNSHostRecord.address</b>
is passed in the output message. In case of errors, appropriate errors are
retruned in DeleteDNSHostRecordResult for the DNS resource records deleted.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>