<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.294 IPAuditRecord</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The IPAuditRecord complex type specifies single IP address
audit.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;IPAuditRecord&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:IpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ClientId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:base64Binary&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DomainName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;EventType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:IPAuditEventType&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ForestName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;HostName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IPAddress&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServerType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ServerAuditType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SourceServerName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;TimeOfEvent&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:dateTime&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;UserName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>ClientId</b>: Specifies the client identifier
associated with the address audit event row if applicable.</p>

<p><b>DomainName</b>: Specifies the name of the domain
associated with the address audit row if applicable.</p>

<p><b>EventType</b>: Specifies the type of the audit
event the row represents.</p>

<p><b>ForestName: </b>Specifies the name of the forest
associated with the address audit row if applicable.</p>

<p><b>HostName</b>: Specifies the name of the host
machine associated with the address audit row if applicable.</p>

<p><b>IPAddress</b>: Specifies the IP address associated
with the address audit row if applicable.</p>

<p><b>RecordId</b>: Specifies a unique identifier for
the data in the IPAM data store.</p>

<p><b>ServerType</b>: Specifies the type of server that
generated the address audit event.</p>

<p><b>SourceServerName</b>: Specifies the name of the
server that is the source of the address audit event.</p>

<p><b>TimeOfEvent</b>: Specifies the time at which the
audit event was generated.</p>

<p><b>UserName</b>: Specifies the name of the user
associated with the audit event if applicable.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>