<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.43 UpdateDnsZonesDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.UpdateDnsZones. The IpamOperationWithProgressParameter
instance in this case MUST be of type UpdateDnsZonesParameters. </p>

<p>This operation is used to update multiple DNS zones. The
following are the steps involved. In these steps, at any time a fault is
generated, the SetOverallStatus SHOULD be called with the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter is NULL or not of type
UpdateDnsZonesParameters, generate an appropriate SOAP fault (as specified in
section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>).
Project IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
UpdateDnsZonesParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
UpdateDnsZonesParameters is NULL or UpdateDnsZonesParameters.ServerZonesTuple
is NULL or UpdateDnsZonesParameters.ServerZonesTuple.count =0, generate an
appropriate SOAP fault.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Iteratively go
through each element in UpdateDnsZonesParameters.ServerZonesTuple, assigning
the currently accessed object to a local variable serverZoneTuple and do the
following operations for each element.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
serverZoneTuple.ServerZone using the processing rules listed under
ValidateBaseDnsServerZone by passing serverZoneTuple.ServerZone as
Param_baseDnsServerZone. If any of the processing rules are not met, an
appropriate SOAP fault (as specified in section 2.2.2.1) MUST be returned. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
serverZoneTuple.ServerZone.zoneType = DNSForwardLookupZone, call the procedure
GetDnsServerZoneFromTable in ADM_DNSServerForwardLookupZoneTable passing
serverZoneTuple.ServerZone.RecordId as parameter and assign output to a local
variable oldServerZone. If oldServerZone is NULL, generate an appropriate SOAP
fault, else perform the following steps: </p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>For all the list of modified properties indicated in
serverZoneTuple.ServerZone.ModifiedProperties, update the properties in the
retrieved row of ADM_DNSServerForwardLookupZoneTable from the corresponding
properties from serverZoneTuple.ServerZone.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetDnsZoneFromTable in ADM_DNSForwardLookupTable
passing serverZoneTuple.ServerZone.Zone.RecordId as parameter. If the retrieved
row is NULL, generate an appropriate SOAP fault. Else, for all the properties
indicated in serverZoneTuple.ServerZone.Zone.ModifiedProperties, update the
properties in the retrieved row of ADM_DNSForwardLookupTable from the
corresponding properties from serverZoneTuple.ServerZone.Zone.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Else if the
serverZoneTuple.ServerZone.zoneType = DNSReverseLookupZone, call the procedure
GetDnsServerReverseLookupZoneFromTable in ADM_DNSServerReverseLookupZoneTable
passing serverZoneTuple.ServerZone.RecordId as parameter and assign output to a
local variable oldServerZone. If oldServerZone is NULL, generate an appropriate
SOAP fault, else perform the following steps: </p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>For all the list of modified properties indicated in
serverZoneTuple.ServerZone.ModifiedProperties, update the properties in the
retrieved row of ADM_DNSServerReverseLookupZoneTable from the corresponding
properties from serverZoneTuple.ServerZone.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetDnsReverseLookupZoneFromTable in
ADM_DNSReverseLookupZoneTable passing serverZoneTuple.ServerZone.Zone.RecordId
as parameter. If the retrieved row is NULL, generate an appropriate SOAP fault.
Else, for all the properties indicated in
serverZoneTuple.ServerZone.Zone.ModifiedProperties, update the properties in
the retrieved row of ADM_DNSReverseLookupZoneTable from the corresponding
properties from serverZoneTuple.ServerZone.Zone.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Call
SetOverallStatus with Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>