<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.2.2.4 GetObjectIdsForLogicalGroupNode</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure retrieves the set of object record
identifiers that meet the condition represented by the LogicalGroupNode.</p>

<p>The input parameters for this procedure are as follows:</p>

<p><b>Param_logicalGroupNode: </b> The LogicalGroupNode
for which the matching record identifiers of the specified object type is being
requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_objectType: </b> The EnumerationObjectType
specifying the object type for which the logical group node membership is being
requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressFamily: </b> Specifies the address
family of the object type for which the logical group node membership is being
requested.</p>

<p>The following is the output
parameter of this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Result_objectIds: </b> A collection of object
record identifiers that meet the criteria of a specified logical group.</p>

<p>The processing steps are as
follows:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Initialize
Result_objectIds with the list of UsedById that meet the following conditions:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>ObjectType is equal to <i>Param_objectType</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Af is equal to <i>Param_addressFamily</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>CustomFieldId is equal to <i>Param_logicalGroupNode.CustomFieldRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>CustomFieldValueId is equal to <i>Param_logicalGroupNode.NodeCustomFieldValueId</i>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_logicalGroupNode.AncestorNodes</i>
contains a list of LogicalGroupNode data, for each ancestorNode in <i>Param_logicalGroupNode.AncestorNodes</i>,
perform the following steps:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Enumerate the rows in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValues</b> whose <b>RecordId</b>
is present in Result_objectIds as well as it meets the following conditions:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ObjectType is equal to <i>Param_objectType</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Af is equal to <i>Param_addressFamily</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>CustomFieldId is equal to ancestorNode.CustomFieldRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>CustomFieldValueId is equal to
ancestorNode.NodeCustomFieldValueId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign the list of <b>RecordId</b>s to Result_objectIds to be used for
processing with the next level of ancestors.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Result_objectIds,
which is left at the end of processing, is the final output parameter of this procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>