<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.5.2.4 GetDhcpReservationsForScope</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure retrieves all the reservation entries that
exist in <b>ADM_DHCPReservationTable</b> for a specified DHCP scope. The
following are the input parameters to this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> The address family to
specify the table against which the reservation processing has to be performed.</p>

<p><b>Param_scopeId: </b> This is the <b>RecordId</b> of
the DHCP scope for which the DHCP Reservations need to be retrieved. </p>

<p>The procedure returns the following as the output
parameter.</p>

<p><b>Result_reservations: </b> This is the collection
of reservation information in the form of DhcpReservationV4 or
DhcpReservationV6, corresponding to <i>Param_scopeId</i> specified in the input
parameter. If <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetwork, the procedure returns
a collection of instances of DhcpReservationV4, and if it is InterNetworkV6,
the procedure returns a collection of instances of type DhcpReservationV6.</p>

<p>The following are the processing steps involved:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Use the <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
to determine the simple table within the <b>ADM_DHCPReservationTable</b>
compound table to perform the rest of the processing.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Initialize
Result_reservations as a collection of instances of DhcpReservationV4 or
DhcpReservationV6, based on <i>Param_addressfamily</i> value being InterNetwork
or InterNetworkV6 respectively.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_scopeId</i>
is NULL, return. Otherwise look up all the rows with <b>ScopeId</b> as <i>Param_scopeId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each row
found in the previous step, create a Reservation instance of type
DhcpReservationV4 if <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetwork or of type DhcpReservationV6
if <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetworkV6. Copy <b>RecordId</b>, <b>ScopeId</b>,
<b>IPAddressRecordId</b>, <b>ReservationDetails</b> to instance Reservation.
Add Reservation to Result_reservations.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_reservations from the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>