<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.5.4.8.1.33 DnsServerEnumerationParameters</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This is the processing done when the EnumInputParameters is
of type DnsServerEnumerationParameters. The ObjectType MUST be
EnumerationObjectType.DnsServer. This is used to enumerate the DNS server
instances based on certain conditions specified as a part of the
DnsServerEnumerationParameters. The following are the processing steps involved
in identifying the rows that have to be returned for the enumeration:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If the
DnsServerEnumerationParameters.Filter contains the key
ServerInfoGetServerFilter.Role, replace the filter condition with
ServerRoleType.Dns. If the filter condition is not specified, add the filter
condition for ServerRoleType.Dns.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
DnsServerEnumerationParameters.Filter contains the key
ServerInfoGetServersFilter.RecordId, the <b>RecordId</b> specified will be the <b>RecordId</b>
of the DNS Server Role and it has to be converted to the ServerInfo <b>RecordId</b>.
For this, enumerate the row in ADM_ServerRolesTable whose <b>RecordId</b> is
the value of <b>RecordId</b> filter specified. Get the ServerRecordID out of
the row. If the row is not found having the <b>RecordId</b> to be the <b>RecordId</b>
of the filter, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP
fault</a> MUST be returned. Replace the ServerInfoGetServersFilter.RecordId
with the ServerRecordId fetch.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call the
procedure GetFilteredServerInfoFromTable procedure in ADM_ServersTable passing
the DnsServerEnumerationParameters.Filter as Param_filters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each row
ServerInfoRow in the Result_filteredServerInfoRows, perform the following
processing steps.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Lookup the ADM_ServerRolesTable for the row with ServerRecordId being
ServerInfoRow.RecordId and ServerRoleDetails.ServerRoleFlag is
ServerRoleType.Dns.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetDnsServerFromTable by passing the <b>RecordId</b>
of the row in ADM_ServerRolesTable as Param_Id.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Add the Result_DnsServer to <b>EnumOutputData</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>