<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.151 DhcpScopeV4</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The DhcpScopeV4 complex type allows the extension of the
DhcpScope complex type (section <a href="229edb41-6fbb-4366-bc9c-116207dddf12.md">2.2.4.141</a>). This specifies
a scope for specifying IPv4 address assignment with DHCP. As this depicts the
IPv4 DHCP scope, the StartAddress and EndAddress MUST be valid IPv4 address.
The PrefixLength  MUST be greater than or equal to 1 and MUST be no greater
than 30.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;DhcpScopeV4&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:DhcpScope&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;BootpLeaseDuration&quot; type=&quot;ser:duration&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;BootpLeaseDurationType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpLeaseDurationType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsDisableDynamicPtrUpdates&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DnsDisableDynamicPtrUpdateType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsNotRequestingClientsUpdateType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpDnsNotRequestingClientsUpdateType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;FailoverConfigSyncStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpFailoverConfigSyncStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;FailoverRelationshipName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;LeaseDuration&quot; type=&quot;ser:duration&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;LeaseDurationType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpLeaseDurationType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;PolicyActivationState&quot; type=&quot;ipam:PolicyState&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServingClientsType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpServingClientsType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SubnetDelay&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SuperscopeName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SuperscopeRecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>BootpLeaseDuration</b>:  Specifies the lease
duration to be used for BOOTP protocol clients. See <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90319">[RFC2132]</a>  for more
information on BOOTP clients.</p>

<p><b>BootpLeaseDurationType</b>:  Specifies the lease
duration type to be used for the BOOTP protocol clients.</p>

<p><b>DnsDisableDynamicPtrUpdates</b>:  An enum of
DnsDisableDynamicPtrUpdateType (section <a href="8098ea0e-1d16-438c-b90f-9866da413fe8.md">2.2.5.38</a>) that represents
whether the DNS resource records are dynamically updated based on lease status.</p>

<p><b>DnsNotRequestingClientsUpdateType</b>:  Specifies
the dynamic DNS registration behavior to be used for the scope. This specifies
the setting the DHCP server uses for DHCP clients that do not provide dynamic
DNS registration requirements.</p>

<p><b>FailoverConfigSyncStatus</b>:  Specifies the
status of configuration synchronization between this IPv4 scope and its
failover partner.</p>

<p><b>FailoverRelationshipName</b>:  Specifies the name
of the failover relationship to which this scope belongs. If NULL, it indicates
that this scope does not belong to any failover relationship.</p>

<p><b>LeaseDuration</b>:  Specifies the lease duration
of the DHCP scope to be used for DHCP clients.</p>

<p><b>LeaseDurationType</b>:  Specifies the type of
lease duration specified for the DHCP clients configured on the DHCP scope.</p>

<p><b>PolicyActivationState</b>:  Specifies whether the
DHCP policies are enabled for this scope. </p>

<p><b>ServingClientsType</b>:  Specifies the type of
clients the DHCP scope on the DHCP server instance is to be used for.</p>

<p><b>SubnetDelay</b>:  Specifies the delay the DHCP
server uses before servicing the DHCP protocol clients.</p>

<p><b>SuperscopeName</b>:  A string value that
represents the superscope name if the scope is associated with a superscope.</p>

<p><b>SuperscopeRecordId</b>:  A long int that points to
superscope identifier in the data store if the scope is associated with one.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>