<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.17.2.3 GetVendorClassFromServer</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can be used to retrieve a specific
DhcpVendorClass in the form of either DhcpVendorClassV4 or DhcpVendorClassV6,
based on whether the procedure is invoked against the IPv4-specific or
IPv6-specific table, respectively. </p>

<p>It takes the following as input parameters.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> This is of type
AddressFamily and it can be either InterNetwork or InterNetworkV6. The value
InterNetwork is used to specify the processing to be done on the IPv4-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing. The value
InterNetworkV6 is used to specify the processing to be done on IPv6-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing.</p>

<p><b>Param_serverRecordId: </b> The record identifier
of the DHCP Server instance from which the vendor class information is to be
retrieved.</p>

<p><b>Param_vendorClassRecordId: </b> The record
identifier of the vendor class instance that is being requested.</p>

<p>The following is the output of this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Result_vendorClass: </b> This is of type DhcpVendorClassV4
if the <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetwork. Otherwise, if the <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is InterNetworkV6, this is of type DhcpVendorClassV6.</p>

<p>The following are the processing steps involved.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up the
server entry in <b>ADM_DHCPServersTable</b> having <b>RecordId</b> equal to <i>Param_serverRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the entry is
not found, set Result_vendorClass to NULL and return.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Look up the
VendorClasses of the server row for the user class with <b>RecordId</b> value
being <i>Param_vendorClassRecordId</i>. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the entry is
not found, set Result_vendorClass to NULL and return.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is InterNetwork, initialize Result_vendorClass to DhcpVendorClassV4. If <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is InterNetworktV6, initialize Result_vendorClass to DhcpVendorClassV6.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Copy the vendor
class details to Result_vendorClass.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_vendorClass as the output parameter of the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>