<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.8 CreateAccessScope</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is used to create an <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_acc4994e-631f-4728-9779-af93054fc4b2">access scope</a> entry in the
IPAM data store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;CreateAccessScope&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/CreateAccessScope&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_CreateAccessScope_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/CreateAccessScopeResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_CreateAccessScope_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>The protocol client sends an IIpamServer_CreateAccessScope_InputMessage
request. The server then performs the following processing steps. When the
operation completes successfully, the protocol server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_CreateAccessScope_OutputMessage response. In the event of a failure,
an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a>
MUST be sent to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If either of the
following conditions is not met, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be generated as
specified in section 2.2.2.1:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span><b>CreateAccessScope.accessScope</b> is not NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><b>CreateAccessScope.parentPath</b> is not NULL.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>The method <b>ValidateAccessScope</b>
is used to validate the <b>CreateAccessScope.accessScope</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>The level of the
parent access scope is determined by splitting the <b>CreateAccessScope.parentPath</b>
at the &quot;\&quot; symbol and identifying the total number of tokens. If the
level is less than 8, continue to the next step. If not, an appropriate SOAP
fault section 2.2.2.1<span> </span>MUST be generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call method <b>GetAllAccessScopes</b>
from the <b>ADM_AccessScopeTable</b> to get the collection of all <b>AccessScope</b>
objects in the IPAM data store. From this collection find the object whose <b>FullScopePath</b>
matches <b>CreateAccessScope.parentPath</b>. If no matching object is found, a
fault MUST be generated as specified in section 2.2.2.1.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>A new row is
created in <b>ADM_AccessScopeTable</b> for <b>CreateAccessScope.accessScope</b>,
with the <b>FullScopePath</b> created by appending &quot;<b>\CreateAccessScope.accessScope.Label&gt;</b>&quot;
to <b>CreateAccessScope.parentPath</b>. The <b>RecordId</b> of the created
record is returned in the output message.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>