<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.14 UpdatePolicyDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.UpdatePolicy. The IpamOperationWithProgressParameter instance
in this case MUST be of type UpdatePolicyParameters. </p>

<p>This operation is used to update an existing DHCP policy. In
the following steps, any time a fault is generated, the SetOverallStatus SHOULD
be called with the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter is NULL or not of type
UpdatePolicyParameters, generate an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a> (as specified in
section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>).
Project IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
UpdatePolicyParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy is NULL, generate an appropriate SOAP fault (as
specified in section 2.2.2.1).</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy using the processing rules listed under
ValidateDhcpPolicy by passing UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy as <i>Param_policy</i>.
If any processing rules are not met, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be
returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Get the ADM
policy corresponding to the specified Policy by calling the procedure
GetPolicyById of <b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable</b>. Pass
UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.recordId as <i>Param_PolicyId</i>. If the
procedure returns an error, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be returned. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Update the ADM
row for the retrieved.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.Server</b>
= UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.Server</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.Scope</b>
= UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.Scope</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.PolicyName</b>
= UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.PolicyName</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.PolicyDescription</b>
= UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.PolicyDescription</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.ProcessingOrder</b>
= UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.ProcessingOrder</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.State</b>
= UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.State</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.LeaseDurationType</b>
= UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.LeaseDurationType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.LeaseDuration</b>
= UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.LeaseDuration</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.DnsUpdateType</b>
= UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.DnsUpdateType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus</b>
= UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.DnsNameProtectionStatus</b>
= UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.DnsNameProtectionStatus</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.DnsNotRequestingClientUpdateType</b>
= UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.DnsNotRequestingClientUpdateType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.DnsDisableDynamicPtrUpdate</b>
= UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.DnsDisableDynamicPtrUpdate</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.DnsSuffix</b>
= UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.DnsSuffix</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Get the ADM
policy condition corresponding to the specified policy by calling the procedure
GetPolicyConditionsForPolicyId of <b>ADM_DhcpPolicyConditionTable</b>. Pass
UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.recordId as <i>Param_PolicyId</i>. If the
procedure returns an error, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Populate all the
fields of this row from UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.Condition.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Get the ADM
policy Subranges corresponding to the specified policy, by calling the
procedure GetPolicySubrangesForPolicyId of <b>ADM_DhcpPolicySubrangeTable</b>.
Pass UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.recordId as <i>Param_PolicyId</i>. If the
procedure returns an error, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For the returned
collection of PolicyRanges, for each PolicyRange do the following:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Check whether the PolicyRange.StartIPAddress is equal to startIPAddress
of any range in the collection UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.Ranges AND
PolicyRange.EndIPAddress is equal to EndIPAddress of any range in the
collection UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.Ranges.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Delete all ranges from <b>ADM_DhcpPolicySubrangesTable</b> for which
ADM_DhcpPolicySubrangeTable.PolicyId = UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.PolicyId
but for which the StartIPAddress and the EndIPAddress are not in the passed
parameter UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.Ranges.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Add new ranges to <b>ADM_DhcpPolicySubrangesTable</b> with <b>ADM_DhcpPolicySubrangeTable.PolicyId</b>
equal to UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.PolicyId for cases in which the passed
range in UpdatePolicyParameters.Policy.Ranges does not exist in <b>ADM_DhcpPolicySubrangeTable</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Call SetOverallStatus with
Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>