<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.301 IPRange</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The IPRange complex type specifies the common information
pertaining to the address range.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;IPRange&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AccessScopeId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AddressAssignment&quot; type=&quot;ipam:AddressAssignment&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AddressCategory&quot; type=&quot;ipam:AddressCategory&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AddressSpaceRecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ConnectionSpecificDNSSuffix&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;CustomFieldValues&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfCustomFieldValue&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;CustomerAddressSpaceName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DNSServers&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;serarr:ArrayOfstring&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DNSSuffixes&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;serarr:ArrayOfstring&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Description&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DhcpScopeName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DhcpServerGuid&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DhcpServerName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;EndIPAddress&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ExclusionRanges&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfDhcpExclusionRange&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Gateways&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfGatewayAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsInheritedAccessScope&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsOverlapping&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;LastAssignedDate&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:dateTime&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;LastChangeDate&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:dateTime&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;LastReclaimRuntime&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:dateTime&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;MappedReverseLookupZone&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
                 &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;NumberOfChildAddresses&quot; type=&quot;xsd:int&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Owner&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ParentIPBlockRecordId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;PartialCustomFieldValues&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfCustomFieldPartialValue&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;PrefixLength&quot; type=&quot;xsd:int&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ProviderAddressSpaceName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RangeOverlapState&quot; type=&quot;ipam:IPRangeOverlap&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ReservedIPRanges&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sys:ArrayOfTupleOfstringstring&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ReservedIPs&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;serarr:ArrayOfstring&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ScopeRecordId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;StartIPAddress&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SubnetId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SubnetMask&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;UseForUtilization&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;UtilizationCalculationType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:IPUtilizationCalculationType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;UtilizationEventLogStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:UtilizationStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;UtilizationStatistics&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:IPUtilization&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;VIPRanges&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sys:ArrayOfTupleOfstringstring&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;VIPs&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;serarr:ArrayOfstring&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;VirtualizationType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:IPVirtualizationType&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>AccessScopeId: </b> Specifies the Record
identifier for the access scope object to which this range maps.</p>

<p><b>AddressAssignment: </b> Specifies the type of
address assignment associated with the address range.</p>

<p><b>AddressCategory: </b> Specifies the address
category to which the address range belongs to.</p>

<p><b>AddressSpaceRecordId: </b>Specifies the Record
identifier for the address space to which this range maps.</p>

<p><b>ConnectionSpecificDNSSuffix: </b> Specifies a
connection specific DNS suffix associated with a scope that is stored as a
range in IPAM.</p>

<p><b>CustomFieldValues: </b> Specifies the list of
custom field values associated with the address range.</p>

<p><b>CustomerAddressSpaceName: </b> Specifies the name
of the Customer address space associated with this range.</p>

<p><b>Description: </b> Specifies the description for
the address range.</p>

<p><b>DefaultGateway: </b> Specifies the address of the
default gateway that is mapped to this address range.</p>

<p><b>EndIPAddress: </b> Specifies the end address of
the address range.</p>

<p><b>ParentIPBlockRecordId: </b> If the address range
is mapped to an address block, this specifies the <b>RecordId</b> of the
associated address block. Otherwise this will not be set.</p>

<p><b>IsOverlapping: </b> Specifies whether there are
other address ranges that overlap with this address range.</p>

<p><b>LastAssignedDate: </b> Specifies the date when the
address range was used last to assign addresses from.</p>

<p><b>LastChangeDate: </b> Specifies the date when the
last change was made to the address range.</p>

<p><b>LastReclaimRuntime: </b>Specifies the time at
which the addresses mapping to this address range have been reclaimed.</p>

<p><b>MappedReverseLookupZone:</b> Specifies the unique
identifiers of the reverse lookup zone mapped to the IP range.</p>

<p><b>NumberOfChildAddresses: </b> Specifies the number
of child addresses that are mapping to the specific address range.</p>

<p><b>Owner: </b> Specifies the owner of the address
range. The length of this field MUST NOT be greater than 100.</p>

<p><b>PartialCustomFieldValues: </b> Specifies the
custom field values as a collection of CustomFieldPartialValue. The management
server uses this to pass the custom field values during enumeration operations.
This MUST NOT be used by the management client to pass custom field values. The
management client instead uses CustomFieldValues to perform the required
processing.</p>

<p><b>PrefixLength: </b> Specifies the prefix length for
the address range.</p>

<p><b>ProviderAddressSpaceName: </b>Specifies the name
of the provider address space to which the IP range is associated.</p>

<p><b>RecordId: </b> Specifies the unique identifier for
the data in the IPAM data store.</p>

<p><b>RangeOverlapState: </b>Specifies whether an IP address
range overlaps with another IP address range.</p>

<p><b>StartIPAddress: </b> Specifies the start IP
address of the address range.</p>

<p><b>UtilizationCalculationType: </b> Specifies the
type of utilization calculation type to be used.</p>

<p><b>UtilizationEventLogStatus: </b>Specifies the current
utilization status of the address range.</p>

<p><b>UtilizationStatistics: </b> Specifies the
utilization statistics information associated with the address range. If the
address assignment type is Dynamic or Auto, the address range will have an
associated DHCP scope instance. From the DHCP scope information, the following
data are computed.</p>

<p><b>DhcpScopeName: </b> Specifies the name of the DHCP
scope associated with the address range.</p>

<p><b>DhcpServerGuid: </b> Specifies the GUID of the
server having the scope instance associated with the address range.</p>

<p><b>DhcpServerName: </b> Specifies the name of the
server having the scope instance associated with the address range.</p>

<p><b>ExclusionRanges: </b> Specifies the list of
exclusion ranges that are associated with the scope corresponding to the
address range.</p>

<p><b>ScopeRecordId: </b> Specifies the <b>RecordId</b>
of the scope associated with the address range.</p>

<p><b>SubnetId: </b> Specifies the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e6a800ef-fd8a-4d87-834c-131e58f304ea">subnet ID</a> of the DHCP scope
associated with the address range.</p>

<p><b>SubnetMask: </b> Specifies the subnet mask
corresponding to the prefix length   of the address range.</p>

<p><b>DNSServers: </b> Specifies a list of DNS servers
associated with the scope that is represented as a range in IPAM.</p>

<p><b>DNSSuffixes: </b> Specifies a list of DNS suffixes
associated with the scope that is represented as a range in IPAM.</p>

<p><b>Gateways: </b> Specifies a list of gateway servers
associated with the scope that is represented as a range in IPAM.</p>

<p><b>IsInheritedAccessScope: </b> Specifies whether
this block inherits access scope from its parent subnet.</p>

<p><b>ReservedIPRanges: </b> Specifies a list of
reserved IP ranges associated with the scope that is represented as a range in
IPAM.</p>

<p><b>ReservedIPs: </b> Specifies a list of reserved IP
addresses associated with the scope that is represented as a range in IPAM.</p>

<p><b>VIPRanges: </b>Specifies the associated Virtual IP
Ranges.</p>

<p><b>VIPs: </b>Specifies the associated Virtual IP
Address.</p>

<p><b>VirtualizationType: </b>Specifies whether the
given range is a range mapping to a virtual network or a nonvirtual network.</p>

<p><b>UseForUtilization: </b> Specifies whether this
range, of all the conflicting ranges, is used for calculating the utilization
of the parent subnet.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>