<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.42 CreateDnsZoneDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.CreateDnsZone. The IpamOperationWithProgressParameter instance
in this case MUST be of type CreateDnsZoneParameters. </p>

<p>This operation is used to create a DNS zone. The following
are the steps involved. In these steps, at any time a fault is generated, the
SetOverallStatus SHOULD be called with the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter is NULL or not of type
CreateDnsZoneParameters, generate an appropriate SOAP fault (as specified in
section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>).
Project IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
CreateDnsZoneParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
CreateDnsZoneParameters is NULL or CreateDnsZoneParameters.ServerZone is NULL
or CreateDnsZoneParameters.ServerId = 0, generate an appropriate SOAP fault.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
CreateDnsZoneParameters.ServerZone using the processing rules listed under
ValidateBaseDnsServerZone by passing CreateDnsZoneParameters.ServerZone as
Param_baseDnsServerZone. If any of the processing rules are not met, an
appropriate SOAP fault (as specified in section 2.2.2.1) MUST be returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
CreateDnsZoneParameters.ZoneType = DNSForwardLookupZone, retrieve the row in
ADM_DNSForwardLookupTable which has Name as
CreateDnsZoneParameters.ServerZone.Zone.Name and assign output to a local
variable Zone and perform the following steps:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>If Zone is not NULL, keep the <b>RecordId</b> of the Zone in the local
variable ZoneRecordId. Else if Zone is NULL, insert a new row into
ADM_DNSForwardLookupTable with all the field values populated from the
corresponding fields of CreateDnsZoneParameters.ServerZone.Zone. Keep the
returned <b>RecordId</b> of the new zone in the local variable ZoneRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Insert a new row into ADM_DNSServerForwardLookupZoneTable with all the
field values populated from the corresponding fields of
CreateDnsZoneParameters.ServerZone, along with DnsZoneId as ZoneRecordId and
DnsServerId as CreateDnsZoneParameters.ServerId.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the CreateDnsZoneParameters.ZoneType
= DNSReverseLookupZone, retrieve the row in ADM_DNS<b>Reverse</b>LookupTable
which has Name as CreateDnsZoneParameters.ServerZone.Zone.Name and assign
output to a local variable Zone and perform the following steps: </p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>If Zone is not NULL, keep the <b>RecordId</b> of the Zone in the local
variable ZoneRecordId. Else if Zone is NULL, insert a new row into
ADM_DNSReverseLookupTable with all the field values populated from the
corresponding fields of CreateDnsZoneParameters.ServerZone.Zone. Keep the
returned <b>RecordId </b>of the new zone in the local variable ZoneRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Insert a new row into ADM_DNSServerReverseLookupZoneTable with all the
field values populated from the corresponding fields of
CreateDnsZoneParameters.ServerZone, along with DnsReverseZoneId as ZoneRecordId
and DnsServerId as CreateDnsZoneParameters.ServerId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If Zone is NULL, iterate through the ADM_IPRange table and retrieve the
IP ranges whose StartIPAddress and EndIPAddress lie within the boundary of
Zone's StartIP and EndIP and store the output in temp_MappedRangesIds variable.
</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each range in temp_MappedRangesIds, call the GetOverlappingRanges
procedure procedure in ADM_IPRangeTable with range.Param_StartIPAddress and
range.Param_EndIPAddress as input to identify other overlapping ranges with
this range. In case there are any such overlapping ranges found, remove both
this range and the corresponding overlapping ranges from the set of
temp_MappedRangesIds.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Iterate through the remaining list of ranges in temp_MappedRangesIds and
exclude the ranges from the list whose <b>RecordId</b> is present in
RangeRecordId field of any row in ADM_RangeDNSReverseLookupTable.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each of the remaining ranges in temp_MappedRangesIds, add a new row
in ADM_RangeDNSReverseLookupTable table with RangeRecordId as the element in
temp_MappedRangeIds and DNSZoneRecordId as ZoneRecordId.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Call
SetOverallStatus with Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>