<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.1.2.6 MapUnmappedRangesToBlock</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure maps the appropriate ranges that are not
mapped to any address block to the specified block by calculating the
overlapping ranges and having only one range out of the overlapping ranges to
be mapped. The block to which the ranges a mapped are specified by using the
following input parameters.</p>

<p><b>Param_BlockRecordId: </b> The <b>RecordId</b> of
the block for which the children ranges are to be calculated.</p>

<p><b>Param_StartIPAddress: </b> The <b>StartIPAddress</b>
of the block for which the children ranges are to be calculated.</p>

<p><b>Param_EndIPAddress: </b> The <b>EndIPAddress</b>
of the block for which the children ranges are to be calculated.</p>

<p><b>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId: </b> A 64-bit signed integer
that specifies the <b>RecordId</b> of the AddressSpace of the IPBlock.</p>

<p><b>Param_PrefixLength: </b> The <b>PrefixLength</b>
of the block for which the children ranges are to be calculated.</p>

<p><b>Param_AddressCategory: </b> The <b>AddressCategory</b>
of the block for which the children ranges are to be calculated.</p>

<p>This procedure has no output value. It updates the eligible
child ranges for the specified block and updates their <b>ParentIPBlockRecordId</b>
to the specified <i>Param_BlockRecordId</i> value.</p>

<p>The following processing steps are involved. If the address
family of the <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i> and <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i> is
InterNetwork, the rest of the processing has to be done against the
IPv4-specific table. Otherwise the rest of the processing has to be done
against the IPv6-specific table.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>For all the
address ranges that do not have overlapping range and that are not mapped to a
block, set the <b>ParentIPBlockRecordId</b> to <i>Param_BlockRecordId</i> and
set UseForUtilization to 1. The rows that meet this requirement are calculated
as those that meet the following criteria:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>StartIPAddress
of the row &gt;= <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>EndIPAddress
of the row &gt;= <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>AddressSpaceRecordId
of the row == <i>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>PrefixLength
of the row &gt;= <i>Param_PrefixLength</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>AddressCategory
of the row &gt;= <i>Param_AddressCategory</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assuming
the row being evaluated is CurrentRow, Count of the rows that meet the
following condition is 0 (indicating they have no overlapping ranges)</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>CurrentRow.EndIPAddress &gt;= StartIPAddress and
CurrentRow.StartIPAddress &lt; EndIPAddress</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>CurrentRow.RecordId != RecordId</p>

</li></ul></li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>The following
are the processing steps involved in determining the address range to be mapped
to the block when there are overlapping ranges.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Enumerate the rows in <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> that meet the following
criteria and store them in a collection PotentialOverlapRanges. This provides
the list of rows that can potentially map to the address block but have
overlapping ranges.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>StartIPAddress of the row &gt;= <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>EndIPAddress of the row &gt;= <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>AddressSpaceRecordId of the row == <i>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>PrefixLength of the row &gt;= <i>Param_PrefixLength</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>AddressCategory of the row &gt;= <i>Param_AddressCategory</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Assuming the row being evaluated is CurrentRow, count of the rows
that meet the following condition is not 0 (indicating they have no overlapping
ranges)</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>CurrentRow.EndIPAddress &gt;= StartIPAddress and
CurrentRow.StartIPAddress &lt; EndIPAddress</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>CurrentRow.RecordId != RecordId</p>

</li></ul></li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Enumerate the rows in <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> which meet the following
criteria and store them in a collection BlockOverlapRanges. This gives the list
of rows which overlap with the given address block itself.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>EndIPAddress &gt;= <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i> and <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>
&gt;= StartIPAddress</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each row in the PotentialOverlapRanges and BlockOverlapRanges, if
the <b>ScopeRecordId</b> is set, get the ExclusionRanges from <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b>
and associate with the corresponding range entry in the PotentialOverlapRanges
list.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each PotentialOverlapRow in PotentialOverlapRanges, do the
following:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>For each
BlockOverlapRow in BlockOverlapRanges:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
BlockOverlapRow.RecordId != PotentialOverlapRow.RecordId, perform the following
checks:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Check if the following
conditions are being met to see if the PotentialOverlapRow and BlockOverlapRow
form potential overlap.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>PotentialOverlapRow.EndIPAddress &lt;
BlockOverlapRow.StartIPAddress or BlockOverlapRow.EndIPAddress &lt;
PotentialOverlapRow.StartIPAddress</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If the BlockOverlapRow
and PotentialOverlapRow have the exclusion ranges associated, remove the
exclusion ranges from the address ranges and recompute if the ranges overlap.
If they do not overlap, the two ranges do not form an overlap. If they do
overlap or if one of them doesn’t have exclusion ranges associated with them,
they do form a valid overlap.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the ranges
form a valid overlap as computed above, if BlockOverlapRow. IPBlockId is set
and BlockOverlapRow.UserForUtilization is 1, that means another range is already
mapped and PotentialOverlapRow cannot be used for a utilization calculation of
the block. Update the IPBlockId of the PotentialOverlapRow to the
Param_BlockRecordId. If the range can be used for the block utilization
calculation, set UseForUtilization of PotentialOverlapRow to 1.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li></ol></li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>