<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.453 UserAccessPolicy</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The UserAccessPolicy allows extended attributes on a
BaseIpamObject type (section <a href="1296bf34-5951-47ed-bbe0-a328f0630865.md">2.2.4.64</a>).</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;UserAccessPolicy&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Description&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsUserAliasValid&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;PolicyDefinition&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfAccessScopeToUserRoleMapping&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;PolicyId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;UserAlias&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;UserForest&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;UserGroupId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;UserGroupSecurityIdentifierBytes&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:base64Binary&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;UserName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>Description: </b> A string type that is used to
describe the access policy.</p>

<p><b>IsUserAliasValid: </b> A Boolean that identifies
whether the associated user alias is valid.</p>

<p><b>PolicyDefinition: </b> An array of
AccessScopeToUserRoleMapping objects (section <a href="7af7c31f-ad4e-4703-9a2a-1f4f54fcaafc.md">2.2.4.2</a>) that are part of
this access policy instance.</p>

<p><b>PolicyId: </b> A long int that uniquely identifies
this access policy in the IPAM data store.</p>

<p><b>UserAlias: </b> A string that corresponds to the
user alias associated with this access policy.</p>

<p><b>UserForest:  </b>A string that corresponds to the
Active Directory forest to which the user alias associated with the access
policy belongs.</p>

<p><b>UserGroupId: </b> Corresponds to the user group ID
of the associated user.</p>

<p><b>UserGroupSecurityIdentifierBytes: </b> An array of
bytes that represents the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_83f2020d-0804-4840-a5ac-e06439d50f8d">security
identifier (SID)</a> associated with the corresponding user or group. This is
verified with the SID retrieved from the local machine when validating access
policy users.</p>

<p><b>UserName: </b> A string that represents the user
name.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>