<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.6.2.1 AddOrUpdateAddressDNSForwardLookupTable</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure updates the forward lookup DNS zone mapping
for an IP address. The following input parameters are used.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> Specifies the simple
table within <b>ADM_AddressDNSForwardLookupTable</b> against which the
processing steps are performed.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressId: </b> The <b>RecordId</b> of the
address object for which the row specifies the forward lookup registration
information.</p>

<p><b>Param_dnsZoneId: </b> The <b>RecordId</b> of the
zone under which the forward-lookup registration of the address is done. This
is the record identifier of the zone in <b>ADM_DNSForwardLookupTable</b>.</p>

<p><b>Param_serverDnsZoneId: </b> The <b>RecordId</b> of
the entry in the <b>ADM_DNSServerForwardLookupZoneTable</b> specifying the
server on which the zone with zone record identifier <i>Param_dnsZoneId</i> is
present, against which the address is registered.</p>

<p><b>Param_recordId: </b> The <b>RecordId</b> of the
row in <b>ADM_AddressDNSForwardLookupTable</b> that has to be updated. This is
specified if the row is to be newly added.</p>

<p>The output of this procedure is the Result_recordId
specifying the <b>RecordId</b> of the newly added row or the <b>RecordId</b> of
the row updated.</p>

<p>The following processing steps are involved:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Select the
simple table based on <i>Param_addressfamily</i> for the <b>ADM_AddressDnsForwardLookupTable</b>
on which the processing is to be done.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_recordId</i>
is present, the existing row in the table is to be modified. Otherwise insert a
new row. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Make the
following data assignments.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
<i>Param_addressId</i> to AddressRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
<i>Param_dnsZoneId</i> to DNSZoneRecordID.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
<i>Param_serverDnsZoneId</i> to DNSServerRecordID.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If a new row is
inserted into <b>ADM_AddressDnsForwardLookupTable</b>, the default value
NotAttempted is assigned to DNSForwardLookupRegistrationDetails.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the row has
been added, assign Result_recordId with the <b>RecordId</b> of the new row.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>