<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.125 ResetZoneHealth</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation inserts the zone health status reset event
for zones hosted on DNS servers.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;ResetZoneHealth&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/ResetZoneHealth&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_ResetZoneHealth_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/ResetZoneHealthResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_ResetZoneHealth_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the IIpamServer_ResetZoneHealth_InputMessage
request message, the server performs the following processing steps. Upon
successful completion of these steps, the server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_ResetZoneHealth_OutputMessage. In the event of a failure, an
appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a>
MUST be sent to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If neither
ResetZoneHealth.zoneId nor ResetZoneHealth.dnsServerId is greater than 0, an
appropriate SOAP fault MUST be generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Initialize
serverZoneRecordIds to be a list of 64-bit signed integers to hold the <b>RecordId</b>
of rows in <b>ADM_DNSServerForwardLookupZoneTable</b> for which the zone health
reset event is to be added.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
ResetZoneHealth.zoneId value is greater than 0 and the
ResetZoneHealth.dnsServerId value is lesser than or equal to 0:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Enumerate the rows in <b>ADM_DNSServerForwardLookupZoneTable</b> whose
DnsZoneId is equal to ResetZoneHealth.zoneId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each row enumerated, add the <b>RecordId</b> to serverZoneRecordIds.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If
ResetZoneHealth.dnsServerId value is greater than 0 and ResetZoneHealth.zoneId
is lesser than or equal to 0:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Enumerate the rows in <b>ADM_DNSServerForwardLookupZoneTable</b> whose
ServerRecordId is equal to ResetZoneHealth.dnsServerId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each row enumerated, add the <b>RecordId</b> to serverZoneRecordIds.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If both
ResetZoneHealth.dnsServerId value and ResetZoneHealth.zoneId are greater than
0: </p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Look up the <b>ADM_DNSServerForwardLookupZoneTable</b> for the row whose
ServerRecordId is equal to ResetZoneHealth.dnsServerId and DnsZoneId is equal
to ResetZoneHealth.zoneId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Add the <b>RecordId</b> of the row meeting the criteria above to serverZoneRecordIds.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>For each record
identifier <b>RecordId</b> present in serverZoneRecordIds: </p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Insert a row in the <b>ADM_DnsZoneEventsTable</b> with the following
values.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>ServerZoneId is
set to the <b>RecordId</b> for which the zone health reset event is to be
inserted.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>EventId is set
to 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>LoggedEventLevel
is set to Informational.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>TaskCategory is
set to 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>LoggedOn is set
to the current time in UTC.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>