<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.5.4.8.1.74 LogicalGroupDataUnmappedItemsEnumerationParameters</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This is the processing done when the EnumInputParameters
contains data of type LogicalGroupDataUnmappedItemsEnumerationParameters. The
ObjectType MUST be EnumerationObjectType.LogicalGroupData. This is used to
enumerate objects that map to the LogicalGroup specified. The specific type of
LogicalGroup is used to determine the object type and the address family that
is of interest.</p>

<p>The following table specifies the type of LogicalGroup, the
corresponding address family, and the object type that gets enumerated.</p>

<table>
 <thead>
 <tr>
 <th>
 <p>LogicalGroup Type</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>AddressFamily</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>ObjectType (EnumerationObjectType) </p>
 </th>
 </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv4RangeLogicalGroup</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetwork</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPRange</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv6RangeLogicalGroup</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetworkV6</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPRange</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IpamIPv4AddressLogicalGroup</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetwork</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPAddress</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IpamIPv6AddressLogicalGroup</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetworkV6</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IPAddress</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ActiveServerV4LogicalGroup</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetwork</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfo</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ActiveServerV6LogicalGroup</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>InterNetworkV6</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfo</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p>The following processing steps identify the rows to be
returned as a part of the enumeration.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Call the
procedure GetUnmappedObjectIdsForLogicalGroup in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
with the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_logicalGroup</i>
is assigned the value of
LogicalGroupDataForRootAlternateItemsEnumerationParameters.LogicalGroup.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectType</i>
is assigned the value of ObjectType from the previous table based on the type
of <i>Param_logicalGroupNode</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressFamily</i>
is assigned the value of AddressFamily from the previous table based on the
type of Param_logicalGroupNode. If <i>Param_objectType</i> is
EnumerationObjectType.ServerInfo, <i>Param_addressFamily</i> is not specified a
value.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>For each
objectId in Result_ObjectIds, perform the following steps:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetObjectForLogicalGroupObjectId passing the
following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectType</i> is set the value of ObjectType as
computed based on the previous table.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_addressFamily</i> is set to the value of AddressFamily
as computed based on the previous table.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_Id</i> is assigned the value of objectId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_filter</i> is assigned the value of
LogicalGroupDataForLogicalGroupNodeEnumerationParameters.Filter.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Add Result_object to EnumOutputData.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>