<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.41 DeleteDnsResourceRecordsDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.DeleteDnsResourceRecords. The
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter instance in this case MUST be of type
DeleteDnsResourceRecordsParameters. </p>

<p>This operation deletes DNS resource records. In the
following steps, at any time a fault is generated, SetOverallStatus (section <a href="8b90a93e-60bc-4882-9925-613181d931f9.md">3.19.4.8</a>) SHOULD be called
with the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter is NULL or not of type
DeleteDnsResourceRecordsParameters, generate an appropriate SOAP fault (as
specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>).
Project IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
DeleteDnsResourceRecordsParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If any of the
following conditions exist, generate an appropriate SOAP fault: </p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DeleteDnsResourceRecordsParameters
is NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DeleteDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords
is NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DeleteDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.count
is 0. </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DeleteDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ServerZoneId
is 0. </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DeleteDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ZoneType
is ZoneLookupType.None. </p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>For all the
resource records in DeleteDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords,
validate each resource record using the processing rules listed under
ValidateDnsResourceRecord by passing each record as Param_dnsResourceRecord. If
any of the processing rules are not met, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be
returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Delete the rows
in <b>ADM_ DNSResourceRecordTable</b> that has <b>RecordId</b> value the same
as <b>RecordId</b> of any element in the
DeleteDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call
SetOverallStatus with Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>