<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.4.2.1 GetParentBlockIdForRange</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure is used to compute the appropriate IP address
block that can be used to compute the IP address block that an address range
specified by start IP address, end IP address, and prefix length can map onto.
It takes the following input parameters.</p>

<p><b>Param_StartIPAddress: </b> The start IP address of
the address range for which the block mapping is to be computed.</p>

<p><b>Param_EndIPAddress: </b> The end IP address of the
address range for which the block mapping is to be computed.</p>

<p><b>Param_PrefixLength: </b> The prefix length of the
address range for which the block mapping is to be computed.</p>

<p><b>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId: </b> The Address Space
<b>RecordId</b> of the address range for which the block mapping is to be
computed. If this parameter is not specified while calling this procedure, the
default value that is considered is 1, which maps to Default Provider Address
Space. </p>

<p><b>Param_RecordIdToExclude: </b> This is the block
record identifier to be excluded from the possible list of blocks that map the
address range. This is useful to get the new address block for a range when the
existing address block that maps the range is to be deleted.</p>

<p>This procedure returns the
following as output.</p>

<p><b>Result_MappingBlockRecordId: </b> The record
identifier of the block that will be a more appropriate mapping for the range
information specified.</p>

<p>The following processing
steps are involved in computing this:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>The address
family of the <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i> and <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>,
specified as parameters, determines the simple table within the <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>
compound table on which further processing steps are applied.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
list of blocks whose StartIPAddress and EndIPAddress encompasses the given <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>
and <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i> completely and which have the prefix length
lesser than or equal to the given Param_PrefixLength, and the
AddressSpaceRecordId is equal to the <i>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>
is specified and in the resulting set of rows has an entry with <b>RecordId</b>
being the given value, exclude the same. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Arrange the
resulting set of address block rows in descending order of StartIPAddress,
EndIPAddress and PrefixLength of the address block rows. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>The first row in
the above resulting list will be the most appropriate block to match. Set the
Result_MappingBlockRecordId to the record identifier of the appropriate block
selected. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If there are no
rows that meet the specified conditions available, Result_MappingBlockRecordId
will be set to 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Return the
Result_MappingBlockRecordId.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>