<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.24 UpdateDhcpFailoverDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This is the processing done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.EditDhcpFailover. The IpamOperationWithProgressParameter
instance in this case MUST be of type DhcpFailoverParameters. </p>

<p>This operation is used to modify the properties of a DHCP
failover relationship. The following are the steps involved. In these steps,
any time a fault is generated, the SetOverallStatus SHOULD be called with the
fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If IpamOperationWithProgressParameter
is NULL or not of type DhcpFailoverParameters, generate an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a> (as specified in
section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>).
Project IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
DhcpFailoverParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
DhcpFailoverParameters.Failover is NULL, generate an appropriate SOAP fault (as
specified in section 2.2.2.1).</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Retrieve the
failover relationship row from <b>ADM_DhcpFailoverTable</b> by looking for the
row in which the value of <b>RecordId</b> is identical to that of
DhcpFailoverParameters.Failover.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Identify the
list of modified properties in the DhcpFailoverParameters.Failover by examining
the number of properties modified in
DhcpFailoverParameters.Failover.ModifiedProperties. If there are none, no
further processing is required and the procedure can return successfully.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For all the
properties indicated in DhcpFailoverParameters.Failover.ModifiedProperties,
update the property in the retrieved row of <b>ADM_DhcpFailoverTable</b> from
the corresponding properties from DhcpFailoverParameters.Failover.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call
SetOverallStatus with Success and 100% completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>