<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.17.2.1 GetDHCPServerFromTable</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can be used to retrieve the DHCP server
information in the form of DhcpServerV4 or DhcpServerV6, based on whether it is
being invoked against the IPv4-specific table or IPv6-specific table. The
procedure takes the following input parameters.</p>

<p><b>Param_Id: </b> A 64-bit signed integer specifying
the record identifier of the DHCP server instance for which the DhcpServer data
is being requested for.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> This is of type
AddressFamily and it can be either InterNetwork or InterNetworkV6. The value
InterNetwork is used to specify the processing to be done on the IPv4-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing. The value
InterNetworkV6 is used to specify the processing to be done on IPv6-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing.</p>

<p>This procedure returns the following value as output
parameter.</p>

<p><b>Result_server: </b> This is of type DhcpServer. If
the <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetwork, this will be DhcpServerV4 and
if <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetworkV6, this will be DhcpServerV6
type.</p>

<p>The following are the steps performed against the IPAM data
store. </p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up the row
in <b>ADM_DHCPServersTable</b> with <b>RecordId</b> equal <i>Param_Id</i>. If
the row is not present, set Result_server to NULL and return.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is InterNetwork, initialize Result_server to DhcpServerV4. If the <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is InterNetworkV6, initialize Result_server to DhcpServerV6.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
RecordId to Result_server.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Copy
DHCPServerDetails to Result_server.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Copy
the OptionDefinitions to Result_server.OptionDefinitions.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Copy
the UserClasses to Result_server.UserClasses.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Copy
the VendorClasses to Result_server.VendorClasses.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Call the
procedure GetDhcpOptions of <b>ADM_DhcpOptionsTable</b> with the following
parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is set to InterNetwork<i>.</i></p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ScopeRecordId</i>
is set to NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_serverRecordId</i>
is set to <i>Param_Id</i>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Assign the
Result_optionCollection to Result_server.Options.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Initialize
Result_server.ServerRoleInfo to ServerRoleDhcp and copy the following
properties to it:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DHCPServerDetails:AuditLoggingStatus
to Result_server.ServerRoleInfo.AuditLoggingStatus.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DHCPServerDetails.BackupPath
to Result_server.ServerRoleInfo.BackupPath.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DHCPServerDetails.DatabasePath
to Result_server.ServerRoleInfo.DatabasePath.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Call the
procedure GetServerRoleInfoFromTable of <b>ADM_ServerRolesTable</b> by passing
the following parameter:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_Id</i>
is set to ServerRoleRecordId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Copy the
Result_serverRole to Result_server.ServerRoleInfo.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call
GetAccessScopeForObjectIdAndType of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectId</i>
is set to <i>Param_Id</i>. </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectType</i>
is set to IpamObjectType.DhcpServerV4 if addressfamily is InterNetwork or
IpamObjectType. DhcpServerV6 if addressfamily is InterNetworkv6.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_accessScopeId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectInheritanceStatus</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_inheritanceId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
<i>Param_accessScopeId</i> to Result_server.AccessScopeId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
<i>Param_objectInheritanceStatus</i> to Result_server. IsInheritedAccessScope.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_server from the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>