<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.4 Miscellaneous Per-Session States</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p><b>ADM_UserAuthorizationData</b>: This is a
collection of Boolean values, as listed below and a collection of all the
PolicyIds of UserAccessPolicy entries that are available for the user,
specifying the authorization states of the user establishing the protocol
session. If a particular value is TRUE, that means the user is authorized with
the permissions bestowed on the corresponding role. Otherwise the user is not
authorized to plan the corresponding role.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>IsAdministrator</b>:
If the value is TRUE, the user has the administrator permissions on the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_78fcaeac-7ed6-41a3-ae67-1d76d9e6c365">IPAM server</a>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>IsIpamUser</b>:
If the value is TRUE, the user has the permissions of an '<a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_510cdef8-87a5-47dd-a9a3-fce95a316af0">IPAM Users</a>' role.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>IsIpamAdministrator</b>:
If the value is TRUE, the user has the permissions of the '<a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_80532eaf-7971-48de-a299-c5e214deead6">IPAM Administrators</a>' role.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>IsIpamAsmAdministrator</b>:
If the value is TRUE, the user has permissions as an '<a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_2e3df487-ff41-4d72-ae2f-d9d02757a5df">IPAM ASM Administrators</a>'
role.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>IsIpamMsmAdministrator</b>:
If the value is TRUE, the user has permissions as an '<a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_9b3b1e2d-b5d2-4662-95f2-c0caedbac94a">IPAM MSM Administrators</a>'
role.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>IsIpamIPAuditAdministrator</b>:
If the value is TRUE, the user has permissions as an '<a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_800768c6-b7c3-4e12-8f51-5a0d92474548">IPAM IP Audit Administrators</a>'
role.</p>

</li></ul><p><b>MappingPolicyIds</b>: This is a collection of
64-bit signed integers and each entry in the collection specifies a valid
PolicyId for a row in <b>ADM_UserAccessPolicyTable</b>.<b>ADM_MessageReceivedSinceLastTimerTick</b>:
This is a Boolean type used to track whether any message has been received
since the last time the <b>InactivityTimer</b> expired. The default value is
FALSE. </p>

<p><b>ADM_KeepaliveGraceCount</b>: This is a signed
integer value. This keeps track of the pending number of consecutive <b>InactivityTimer</b>
expiry with the <b>ADM_MessageReceivedSinceLastTimerTick</b> being FALSE after
which the session will be closed. This is initialized with the value of
ADM_KeepaliveGraceCountInitialValue.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>