<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.138 SetPreferredServerForZones</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is used to set the preferred DNS server for
DNS zones for the provisioned IPAM database.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;SetPreferredServerForZones&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/SetPreferredServerForZones&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_SetPreferredServerForZones_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/SetPreferredServerForZonesResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_SetPreferredServerForZones_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>The protocol client sends an
IIpamServer_SetPreferredServerForZones_InputMessage request. The server then
performs the following processing steps. When the operation completes
successfully, the protocol server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_SetPreferredServerForZones_OutputMessage response. In the event of
a failure, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be sent to the client as specified in
section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
SetPreferredServerForZones.zoneType is equal to ZoneLookupType.None,
SetPreferredServerForZones.dnsServerId less than or equal to 0, or if any
element in SetPreferredServerForZones.zoneIds less than 0, an appropriate SOAP
fault MUST be generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
SetPreferredServerForZones.zoneType is DNSForwardLookupZone, iterate through
the records in <b>ADM_DNSServerForwardLookupZoneTable</b>. If the DnsZoneId of
the record is in SetPreferredServerForZones.zoneId and the ServerRecordId of
the record is equal to SetPreferredServerForZones.dnsServerId, set the <b>IsPreferredServer</b>
field of the record to TRUE. If the DnsZoneId of the record is in
SetPreferredServerForZones.zoneId and the ServerRecordId of the record is not
equal to SetPreferredServerForZones.dnsServerId, set the <b>IsPreferredServe</b>r
field of the record to FALSE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
SetPreferredServerForZones.zoneType is DNSReverseLookupZone, iterate through
the records in <b>ADM_DNSServerReverseLookupZoneTable</b>. If the DnsReverseZoneId
of the record is in SetPreferredServerForZones.zoneId and the ServerRecordId of
the record is equal to SetPreferredServerForZones.dnsServerId, set the <b>IsPreferredServer</b>
field of the record to TRUE. If the DnsReverseZoneId of the record is in
SetPreferredServerForZones.zoneId and the ServerRecordId of the record is not
equal to SetPreferredServerForZones.dnsServerId, set the I<b>sPreferredServer</b>
field of the record to FALSE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Send a response
message to indicate the completion of the process.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>