<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.13 CreateScopePolicyDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.CreateDhcpScopePolicy. The IpamOperationWithProgressParameter 
instance in this case MUST be of type CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters. </p>

<p>This operation creates a new scope-level DHCP policy. The
following are the steps involved. In the following steps, any time a fault is
generated, the SetOverallStatus SHOULD be called with the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter is NULL or not of type CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters,
generate an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP
fault</a> (as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>). Project
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy is NULL or
CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.ScopeList is NULL or
CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.ScopeList.Count = 0, generate an appropriate
SOAP fault.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy using the processing rules listed under
ValidateDhcpPolicy by passing CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy as
Param_policy. If any of the processing rules are not met, an appropriate SOAP
fault  MUST be returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each scope
identifier ScopeRecordId in the CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.ScopeList, get
the DHCP Scope by calling the GetScopeFromTable procedure of <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b>,
passing the following values:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_Id</i>
is assigned the value of ScopeRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is assigned AddressFamily.Internetwork</p>

<p>Assign the Result_scope
from the procedure call to a local variable dhcpScope and do all the following
steps for each scope.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Get the server
associated with the scope from the ADM for scope.dhcpServer =
dhcpScope.ServerId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Create a new row
in the table <b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable</b>, assigning a new policyId to this row.
Populate this row as follows:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.Server</b>
= dhcpServer.RecordId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.Scope</b>
= dhcpScope.RecordId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.PolicyName</b>
= CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy.PolicyName</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.PolicyDescription</b>
= CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy.PolicyDescription</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.ProcessingOrder</b>
= CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy.ProcessingOrder</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.State</b>
= CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy.State</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.LeaseDurationType</b>
= CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy.LeaseDurationType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.LeaseDuration</b>
= CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy.LeaseDuration</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.DnsUpdateType</b>
= CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy.DnsUpdateType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus</b>
= CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy.DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.DnsNameProtectionStatus</b>
= CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy.DnsNameProtectionStatus</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.DnsNotRequestingClientUpdateType</b>
= CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy.DnsNotRequestingClientUpdateType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.DnsDisableDynamicPtrUpdate</b>
= CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy.DnsDisableDynamicPtrUpdate</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable.DnsSuffix</b>
= CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy.DnsSuffix</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Create a new row
in <b>ADM_DhcpPolicyConditionTable</b>, assigning a new PolicyConditionId to
this row and to the PolicyId added in <b>ADM_DhcpPolicytable</b>. Populate all
the fields of this row from CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy.Condition.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Add any policy
ranges corresponding to this policy, if this policy has any IPranges. Check
whether CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy.Ranges is NULL or
CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy.Ranges.count is 0. If so, the policy has
no ranges. Otherwise, add a new row to <b>ADM_DhcpPolicySubrangeTable</b> for
each range in the collection CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy.Ranges.
Assign a new <b>RecordId</b> to the new row and the PolicyId for the new policy
from <b>ADM_DhcpPolicyTable</b>. Initialize other fields of the <b>ADM_DhcpPolicySubrangeTable</b>
as follows:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicySubrangeTable.StartIPAddress</b>
= CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy.Ranges.StartIPAddress</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ADM_DhcpPolicySubrangeTable.EndIPAddress</b>
= CreateDhcpScopePolicyParameters.Policy.Ranges.EndIPAddress</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Call
SetOverallStatus with Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>