<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.12.2.1 GetDnsResourceRecordByRecordId</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure takes the following input parameter.</p>

<p><b>Param_recordIdList</b>: This is a collection of record
Ids for ADM_DnsResourceRecordTable.</p>

<p>The following is the output parameter of this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Result_resourceRecords</b>: This is a collection of
DnsResourceRecords.</p>

<p>The following processing steps are performed.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Collect all the
records associated with Param_recordIdList from <b>ADM_DnsResourceRecordTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For all the
records collected, do the following.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Create a DnsResourceRecord object called tempRecord.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set tempRecord.RecordId as record.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Map the record.DnsResourceRecordDetails to the corresponding fields in
tempRecord</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If DnsForwardLookupZoneId is non-NULL then:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set tempRecord.ZoneId to record.DnsForwardLookupZoneId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set tempRecord.ZoneType to DnsForwardLookupZoneId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Call GetDnsZoneFromTable from ADM_DNSForwardLookupTable with
parameter as record.DnsForwardLookupZoneId. Store the returned object as
zoneObject.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set tempRecord.ZoneName to zoneObject.ShortName.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>If DnsReverseLookupZoneId is non-NULL then:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set tempRecord.ZoneId to record.DnsReverseLookupZoneId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set tempRecord.ZoneType to &quot;DnsReverseLookupZoneId&quot;.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Call GetDnsZoneFromTable from ADM_DNSReverseLookupTable with
parameter as record.DnsReverseLookupZoneId. Store the returned object as
zoneObject.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set tempRecord.ZoneName to zoneObject.ShortName.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call GetAccessScopeForObjectIdAndType of ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Param_objectId is set to record.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Param_objectType is set to IpamObjectType.DnsResourceRecord.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Param_accessScopeId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Param_objectInheritanceStatus.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Param_inheritanceId.</p>

</li></ul><ol><li><p><span> </span>Assign
Param_accessScopeId to tempRecord.AccessScopeId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign
Param_objectInheritanceStatus to tempRecord.IsInheritedAccessScope.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Add tempRecord to Result_resourceRecords</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_resourceRecords.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>