<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.22.2.2 GetFilteredServerInfoFromTable</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can be used to retrieve a filtered set of
ServerInfo data from <b>ADM_ServersTable</b>.</p>

<p><b>Param_filters: </b> This is a list of key value
pairs specifying the various unique filter conditions. The key is one of the
ServerInfoGetServerFilter value and the value specifies the corresponding
filter value to be applied.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<p>The following table lists the filter condition and
the criteria corresponding to the same.</p>
</dd>
<dd>
<table>
 <thead>
 <tr>
 <th>
 <p>Key</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Value Type</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Criteria</p>
 </th>
 </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPSubnet</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>IP Address in String Format</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The specified subnet is matched against the
 ServerInfoDetails.IPAddresses for /16 prefix match for IPv4 address and /48
 for IPv6 address.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>RecordId</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>64-bit signed integer</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p><b>RecordId</b></p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>Guid</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Guid</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfoDetails.ServerGuid</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>Role</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerRoleType</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Record exists in <b>ADM_ServerRolesTable</b> where </p>
 <p>ServerRecordID is equal to <b>RecordId</b> of the row
 in <b>ADM_ServersTable</b> and ServerRoleDetails.ServerRoleFlag is equal to
 the specified Role value.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>InclusionStatus</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Boolean</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfoDetails.ManagementStatus</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>Name</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>String</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfoDetails.Name</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPType</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>AddressFamily</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerInfoDetails.IPAddresses contains addresses of
 the specified address family.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>MultipleRole</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>ServerMultipleRole</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p><b>ADM_ServerRolesTable</b> wherein </p>
 <p>ServerRecordID is equal to <b>RecordId</b> of the row
 in <b>ADM_ServersTable</b> and ServerRoleDetails.ServerRoleFlag is equal to
 either ServerRoleType.Dhcp or ServerRoleType.Dns.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
</table>
</dd></dl>



<p>The following is the output parameter of this procedure:</p>

<p><b>Result_filteredServerInfoRows</b>: This is a
collection of ServerInfo objects that have met the given filter conditions.</p>

<p>The following are the steps involved.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows in the ADM_ServersTable which meet the criteria specified in
Param_filters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each row
that meets the specified conditions:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Call
the procedure GetServerInfoFromTable of <b>ADM_ServersTable</b> passing the <b>RecordId</b>
of the row as Param_Id input parameter. Add the returned ServerInfo data to
Result_filteredServerInfoRows.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_filteredServerInfoRows as the output parameter of this procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>