<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.5.4.8.1.61 IPRangeAllForBlockEnumerationParameter</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This is the processing done when the EnumInputParameters
contains data of type IPRangeAllForBlockEnumerationParameter. The ObjectType
MUST be EnumerationObjectType.IPRange. This is used to enumerate address ranges
mapped to a certain block given by <b>IPRangeAllForBlockEnumerationParameter.ParentBlockRecordId</b>.
The IPRangeAllForBlockEnumerationParameter.AddressFamily is used to determine
the simple table within the IP address range compound table on which the
processing has to be done. The following are the steps involved in identifying
the rows to be returned as a part of the enumeration.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Get the IPBlock
corresponding to <b>IPRangeAllForBlockEnumerationParameter.ParentBlockRecordId</b>
that is an identifier for a valid block in the <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>. This
is done by calling the <b>GetIPBlockFromTable</b> procedure of the <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>
passing the IPRangeAllForBlockEnumerationParameter.ParentBlockRecordId as
Param_blockId and IPRangeAllForBlockEnumerationParameter.AddressFamily as
Param_addressfamily. Store the result in <b>specifiedBlock</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the <b>specifiedBlock</b>
is null, the ParentBlockRecordId is an invalid block and return an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a> as specified in
section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>The range
enumeration for a block is composed of the ranges that map at a particular
block as well as all the blocks that are under the specified block. In order to
enumerate all the ranges that belong to the block specified as well as the
blocks that are below the specified block, get all the rows in the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>
that meet the following criteria:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>StartIPAddress
is greater than or equal to the specifiedBlock.StartIPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>EndIPAddress
is lesser than or equal to the specifiedBlock.EndIPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>PrefixLength
is greater than or equal to the specifiedBlock.PrefixLength.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>ParentIPBlockRecordId
is not 0.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>For each of the
previously enumerated rows, get the IPRange by calling the procedure
GetIPRangeFromTable passing the record identifier of the row as <b>Param_id</b>
input parameter and the IPRangeAllForBlockEnumerationParameter.AddressFamily as
the <b>Param_addressfamily</b> input parameter. Add the range information
returned as result to <b>EnumOutputData</b> collection.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>