<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.64 GetBlockHierarchyForSubnetId</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation retrieves the address block hierarchy for an
address block to which a specified subnet maps.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;GetBlockHierarchyForSubnetId&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/GetBlockHierarchyForSubnetId&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_GetBlockHierarchyForSubnetId_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/GetBlockHierarchyForSubnetIdResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_GetBlockHierarchyForSubnetId_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the
IIpamServer_GetBlockHierarchyForSubnetId_InputMessage request message, the
server performs the following processing steps. Upon successful completion of
these steps, the server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_GetBlockHierarchyForSubnetId_OutputMessage message. In the event of
a failure, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP
fault</a> MUST be sent to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Get the subnet
corresponding to the <b>GetBlockHierarchyForSubnetId.subnetId</b> by calling
the procedure GetSubnetById for <b>ADM_SubnetTable</b>, passing the following
parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Set <i>Param_SubnetId</i> to <b>GetBlockHierarchyForSubnetId.subnetId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign output Result_Subnets to result.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Initialize <b>GetBlockHierarchyForSubnetIdResponse.GetBlockHierarchyForSubnetIdResult</b>
to NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>result.ParentIPBlockRecordId</b>
is not 0, call the procedure GetIPBlockFromTable by passing the following
values as input parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_blockId</i> is set to <b>result.ParentIPBlockId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><b>Param_addressfamily</b> is set to <b>GetBlockHierarchyForSubnetId.addressFamily</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign output result to result.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the result is
not NULL, perform the following steps:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Enumerate the rows in <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b> that meet all the
following conditions:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>StartIPAddress &lt;= <b>result.StartIPAddress</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>EndIPAddress &gt;= <b>result.EndIPAddress</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>PrefixLength &lt;= <b>result.PrefixLength</b>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Arrange the resulting rows in ascending order of StartIPAddress,
EndIPAddress, and PrefixLength.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Retrieve the IPBlock data for all the rows using their <b>RecordId</b>
and using the <b>GetIPBlockFromTable</b> procedure of <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>The collection of IPBlock data hence obtained will become the block
hierarchy for the address block that the specified address range maps to.
Assign this collection of IPBlock data to <b>GetBlockHierarchyForSubnetIdResponse.GetBlockHierarchyForSubnetIdResult</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>