<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.5.84 ReservationOperations</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This simple type is an enumeration that specifies the set of
operations that can be performed for DHCP reservations.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:simpleType name=&quot;ReservationOperations&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:restriction base=&quot;xsd:string&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;None&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;ReservationPropertyCreate&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;ReservationOptionsCreate&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;ReservationPropertyUpdate&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;ReservationDnsUpdate&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;ReservationOptionsUpdate&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;ReservationDelete&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;ReservationIPAddressDelete&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;ReservationDNSRecordDelete&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PartnerReservationPropertyCreate&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PartnerReservationOptionsCreate&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PartnerReservationPropertyUpdate&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PartnerReservationDnsUpdate&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PartnerReservationOptionsUpdate&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;PartnerReservationDelete&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;/xs:restriction&gt;
 &lt;/xs:simpleType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>The following table specifies the valid values for this
type.</p>

<table>
 <thead>
 <tr>
 <th>
 <p>Value</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Description</p>
 </th>
 </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>None</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Unspecified or an invalid value.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ReservationPropertyCreate</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Add new properties to a reservation.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ReservationOptionsCreate</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Add new options to a reservation.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ReservationPropertyUpdate</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Update the properties of a reservation.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ReservationDnsUpdate</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Update the DNS settings for a reservation.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ReservationOptionsUpdate</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Update the options for a reservation.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ReservationDelete</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Delete the given reservation.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ReservationIPAddressDelete</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Delete the IP address record associated with this
 reservation, from the IPAM data store.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>ReservationDNSRecordDelete</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Delete the DNS resource record associated with this
 reservation from the remote DNS server.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PartnerReservationPropertyCreate</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Add new properties to a reservation of the partner
 DHCP server.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PartnerReservationOptionsCreate</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Add new options to a reservation of the partner DHCP
 server.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PartnerReservationPropertyUpdate</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Update the properties of a reservation of the partner
 DHCP server.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PartnerReservationDnsUpdate</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Update the DNS settings for a reservation of the
 partner DHCP server.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PartnerReservationOptionsUpdate</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Update the options for a reservation of the partner
 DHCP server.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>PartnerReservationDelete</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Delete the given reservation of the partner DHCP
 server.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>