<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.5.4.8.1.31 DnsReverseLookupZoneEnumerationParameters</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the EnumInputParameters is of
type DnsReverseLookupZoneEnumerationParameters. The ObjectType MUST be
EnumerationObjectType.DnsReverseLookupZone. This is used to enumerate the
reverse lookup DNS zones based on the conditions specified as a part of this
processing. The following processing steps identify the rows to be returned for
the enumeration:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows in <b>ADM_DNSReverseLookupTable</b> that meet the following criteria.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
DnsReverseLookupZoneEnumerationParameters.Filter contains a key value pair with
the key being DnsReverseLookupZoneFilterCriteria.IP, the value MUST be a valid
IP address in string format. The row MUST have the value of
DnsReverseLookupZoneFilterCriteria.IP between <b>StartIP</b> and <b>EndIP</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
DnsReverseLookupZoneEnumerationParameters.Filter contains a key value pair with
the key being DnsReverseLookupZoneFilterCriteria.IPType, the value MUST be a
valid <b>AddressFamily</b> and the row MUST have the <b>IPType</b> to be the
same as the value specified.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
DnsReverseLookupZoneEnumerationParameters.Filter contains a key value pair with
the key being DnsReverseLookupZoneFilterCriteria.RecordId, the value MUST be a
valid <b>RecordId</b> and the row MUST have the <b>RecordId</b> be the same as
the value specified.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
DnsReverseLookupZoneEnumerationParameters.Filter contains a key value pair with
the key being DnsReverseLookupZoneFilterCriteria.Name, the value MUST be a
valid <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_b2e3f10e-2470-43f4-9287-cebf9b8dba89">reverse lookup DNS
zone</a> name and the row MUST have <b>Name</b> field to be the same as the
specified value.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>For each
previously enumerated row that meets the conditions specified in
DnsReverseLookupZoneEnumerationParameters.Filter:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetDnsReverseLookupZoneFromTable in <b>ADM_DNSReverseLookupTable</b>
passing the following parameter:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_recordId</i> is set to the <b>RecordId</b> of the row.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Add the Result_reverseLookupZone to <b>EnumOutputData</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>