<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.63 BaseDnsZone</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The BaseDnsZone complex type specifies the properties of a
DNS <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e6a86700-c17d-4513-8f4f-5aacaff014df">zone</a>. This consists
of the properties common to both DnsZone (specified in section <a href="6a90baff-7114-4d0c-a0cb-e1ded68ebb5d.md">2.2.4.220</a>) as well as
DnsReverseLookupZone (specified in section <a href="7dcab3de-7813-4945-8306-a90e99eebadd.md">2.2.4.210</a>) complex types
that extend the BaseDnsZone.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;BaseDnsZone&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AccessScopeId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DynamicUpdateStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DnsDynamicUpdateSetting&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsInheritedAccessScope&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsSignedZone&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;LastCollectedFromServerName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;NSRecords&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfDnsResourceRecord&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Name&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;NorefreshInterval&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ser:duration&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;PreferredServerName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RefreshInterval&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ser:duration&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ScavengeStaleRecords&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SoaRecord&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DnsResourceRecord&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>AccessScopeId: </b> Specifies the unique
identifier for the associated access scope in the IPAM data store.</p>

<p><b>DynamicUpdateStatus: </b>Specifies the dynamic
update setting for the DNS zone.</p>

<p><b>IsInheritedAccessScope: </b>Specifies whether the
DNS zone inherits access scope from the parent.</p>

<p><b>IsSignedZone: </b>Specifies whether the DNS zone
is signed.</p>

<p><b>LastCollectedFromServerName: </b>The name of the
DNS server from which the DNS zone was last collected.</p>

<p><b>Name: </b> Specifies the name of the DNS zone. The
Name MUST NOT be NULL and MUST NOT exceed 255 characters in length.</p>

<p><b>NSRecords: </b>Specifies the DNS resource records
of type NS that are present in the DNS zone.</p>

<p><b>NorefreshInterval: </b>Represents the no refresh
interval of the DNS zone.</p>

<p><b>PreferredServerName: </b>Specifies the name of
preferred DNS server for the DNS zone.</p>

<p><b>RecordId</b>: Specifies the unique identifier for
the data in the IPAM data store.</p>

<p><b>RefreshInterval: </b>Specifies the refresh
interval of the DNS zone.</p>

<p><b>ScavengeStaleRecords: </b>Specifies whether to
scavenge stale resource records from the DNS zone.</p>

<p><b>SoaRecord: </b>Represents the SOA resource record
of the DNS zone.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>