<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.67 ConfigurationAuditRecord</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The ConfigurationAuditRecord complex type specifies
information for a single configuration audit event. The <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_272297e7-5a18-4c98-9aac-0ba789a45c95">configuration audit</a> record
can represent both the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_f0f8b247-0af9-45c2-9830-30bd92bb9dea">IPAM
configuration audit</a> as well as the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ade2abc3-2004-488a-847a-b3254fa521cc">DHCP configuration audit</a>
event.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;ConfigurationAuditRecord&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:IpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;EventID&quot; type=&quot;xsd:int&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;EventParameters&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Keywords&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:base64Binary&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Opcode&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:int&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServerName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServerType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ServerAuditType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServerVersion&quot; type=&quot;xsd:decimal&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;TaskCategory&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:int&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;TimeOfEvent&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:dateTime&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;UserDomainName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;UserForestName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;      &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;UserName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>EventID</b>: The event identifier for the
configuration audit event.</p>

<p><b>EventParameters</b>: The XML representation of the
event parameters (see <mshelp:link keywords="18000371-ae6d-45f7-95f3-249cbe2be39b" tabindex="0">[MS-EVEN6]</mshelp:link>
section <mshelp:link keywords="8c61aef7-bd4b-4edb-8dfd-3c9a7537886b" tabindex="0">2.2.13</mshelp:link>).</p>

<p><b>Keywords</b>: The keywords data associated with
the configuration audit event.</p>

<p><b>Opcode</b>: The operation code data associated
with the configuration audit event.</p>

<p><b>RecordId</b>: The unique identifier for the data
in the IPAM data store.</p>

<p><b>ServerName</b>: The name of the server instance on
which the configuration audit event was generated.</p>

<p><b>ServerType</b>: Identifies the type of server
(DHCP or IPAM) that generated the audit event. </p>

<p><b>ServerVersion</b>: The version of the server which
generated the audit event.</p>

<p><b>TaskCategory</b>: The task category data
associated with the audit event.</p>

<p><b>TimeOfEvent</b>: The time at which the event
occurred.</p>

<p><b>UserDomainName</b>: The domain name of the user
account responsible for the configuration change that triggered the audit
event.</p>

<p><b>UserForestName</b>: The forest name of the user
account responsible for the configuration change that triggered the audit
event.</p>

<p><b>UserName</b>: The name of the user responsible for
the configuration change that triggered the audit event.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>