<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.74 GetDiscoveryConfig</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation retrieves the discovery configuration
information from the IPAM data store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;GetDiscoveryConfig&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/GetDiscoveryConfig&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_GetDiscoveryConfig_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/GetDiscoveryConfigResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_GetDiscoveryConfig_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the
IIpamServer_GetDiscoveryConfig_InputMessage request message, the server
performs the following processing steps. Upon successful completion of the
steps specified below, the server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_GetDiscoveryConfig_OutputMessage message. In the event of a
failure, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP
fault</a> MUST be sent to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>The <b>GetDiscoveryConfig.filter</b>
specifies a collection of unique filter conditions that is used to retrieve the
DiscoveryConfig rows. If <b>GetDiscoveryConfig.filter</b> is NULL, all the rows
are returned. The key specifies the field on which the condition is applied and
the value specifies the value to look for, while enumerating the rows in the
table.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>If the key is 1, the value MUST specify the ADDomainConfigurationStatus
enumeration. The supported values of ADDomainConfigurationStatus for filtering
are Configured and NotConfigured. The filter condition specifies the value of
the ADDomainConfigurationStatus that is used to filter the rows in <b>ADM_DiscoveryConfigurationTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the key is 2, the value MUST specify a string specifying the domain
name for which the DiscoveryConfig data is requested. The filter condition
specifies the value of DiscoveryDomain that is used to filter the rows in <b>ADM_DiscoveryConfigurationTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the key is 3, the value MUST specify the domain GUID in the form of
string for which the DiscoveryConfig data is requested. The filter condition
specifies the value of DomainGuid that is used to filter the rows in the <b>ADM_DiscoveryConfigurationTable</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows in <b>ADM_DiscoveryConfigurationTable</b> which meet the filter condition
as specified in <b>GetDiscoveryConfig.filter</b>. For each row in the table,
perform the following steps.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Create a new instance of DiscoveryConfig and assign the following values
from the row.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>RecordId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DomainGuid</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ADDomainConfigurationStatus</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DiscoveryDomain</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DiscoverDhcpServers</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DiscoverDnsServers</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DiscoverDomainControllers.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Add the DiscoveryConfig instance to <b>GetDiscoveryConfigResponse.GetDiscoveryConfigResult</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>