<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.1.2.5 AdjustChildRangesForBlock</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure identifies the ranges appropriate for the
specified block and changes their ParentIPBlockRecordId to the <b>RecordId</b>
of the block for which the mapping is being calculated. The block information
for which the range mapping is to be calculated is specified using the
following input parameters.</p>

<p><b>Param_BlockRecordId: </b> The <b>RecordId</b> of
the block for which the children ranges are to be calculated.</p>

<p><b>Param_ParentBlockRecordId: </b> The <b>ParentIPBlockRecordId</b>
of the block for which the children ranges are to be calculated. </p>

<p><b>Param_StartIPAddress: </b> The StartIPAddress of
the block for which the children ranges are to be calculated.</p>

<p><b>Param_EndIPAddress: </b> The EndIPAddress of the
block for which the children ranges are to be calculated.</p>

<p><b>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId: </b> This is a 64-bit
signed integer that specifies the <b>RecordId</b> of the AddressSpace of the
IPBlock.</p>

<p><b>Param_PrefixLength: </b> The PrefixLength of the
block for which the children ranges are to be calculated.</p>

<p><b>Param_AddressCategory: </b> The AddressCategory of
the block for which the children ranges are to be calculated.</p>

<p>There is no output value for this procedure. The procedure
updates the eligible child ranges for the specified block and updates their <b>ParentIPBlockRecordId</b>
to the specified <i>Param_BlockRecordId</i> value.</p>

<p>The following processing steps are performed. If the address
family of <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i> and <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i> is
InterNetwork, the rest of the processing is done against the IPv4-specific
table. Otherwise, the rest of the processing is done against the IPv6-specific
table.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_ParentBlockRecordId</i>
is not specified, call the procedure <b>MapUnmappedRangesToBlock</b> in <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>
passing <i>Param_BlockRecordId</i>, <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>, <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>,
<i>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</i>, <i>Param_PrefixLength</i>, and <i>Param_AddressCategory</i>
as parameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_ParentBlockRecordId</i>
is specified, update the <b>ParentIPBlockRecordId</b> of the rows in <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>
that meet the following conditions:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>IPBlockId
of the row is equal to <i>Param_ParentBlockRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>StartIPAddress
of the row is greater than or equal to <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>EndIPAddress
of the row is greater than or equal to <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>AddressSpaceRecordId
of the row is equal to <i>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>PrefixLength
of the row is greater than or equal to <i>Param_PrefixLength</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>AddressCategory
of the row is greater than or equal to <i>Param_AddressCategory</i>.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>