<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.12 CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is used to create a new IPv4 reservation or
if the reservation corresponding to the given IPv4 address exists already, to
update it.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation&quot; xmlns:wsdl=&quot;http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/wsdl/&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation_InputMessage&quot; xmlns:wsaw=&quot;http://www.w3.org/2006/05/addressing/wsdl&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/CreateOrUpdateIPv4ReservationResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation_OutputMessage&quot; xmlns:wsaw=&quot;http://www.w3.org/2006/05/addressing/wsdl&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the IIpamServer_CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation_InputMessage
request message, the server performs the following processing steps. Upon
successful completion of these steps, the server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation_OutputMessage message. In the event of
a failure, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP
fault</a> MUST be sent to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If any of the
following conditions is not satisfied, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be
generated.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation.ipAddress</b>
is NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation.ipAddress.DhcpScopeSubnetId</b>
is NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation.ipAddress.Address</b>
is NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation.ipAddress.MacAddress</b>
is NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation.ipAddress.ReservationServer</b>
is NULL or empty string.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation.ipAddress.ReservationName</b>
is NULL or empty string2, check the ReservationSyncStatus if the reservation
specified in ipam:IpamIpAddress element in the input message is marked to be an
existing reservation.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
reservation exists, call the procedure AddOrUpdateReservation in <b>ADM_DHCPReservationTable</b>
with the following parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>IPv4 as <i>Param_addressfamily</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><b>CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation.ipAddress.ReservationRecordId</b> as <i>Param_reservationId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><b>CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation.ipAddress.DhcpScopeId</b> as <i>Param_scopeId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><b>CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation.ipAddress.RecordId</b> as <i>Param_addressId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><b>CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation.ipAddress.ReservationDetails</b> as <i>Param_reservationDetails</i>.
</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the procedure
updated the reservation successfully, return the IpamIpAddress in the
CreateOrUpdateIPv4ReservationResponse element. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
reservation does not exist, call the procedure AddOrUpdateReservation in <b>ADM_DHCPReservationTable</b>
passing the address family, Scope ID, Address ID and reservation details from
the input message and the reservationId as NULL. If the procedure added the
reservation successfully, update the returned reservationId in IpamIpAddress
and populate that in CreateOrUpdateIPv4ReservationResponse element.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Compute the
ManagedByValue for the <b>CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation.ipAddress</b> as the
value of the custom field in <b>CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation.ipAddress.CustomFieldValues</b>
that has the record identifier <b>ADM_ManagedByCustomFieldId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Compute the
ManagedByEntity for the <b>CreateOrUpdateIPv6Reservation.ipAddress</b> as the
value of the custom field in <b>CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation.ipAddress.CustomFieldValues</b>
that has the record identifier <b>ADM_ManagedByEntityCustomFieldId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
ManagedByEntity field computed previously is the same as <b>CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation.ipAddress.ReservationServer</b>,
set <b>CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation.ipAddress.ReservationSyncStatus</b> as <b>ipam::DhcpReservationSyncStatus.Exists</b>.
Otherwise, set the <b>CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation.ipAddress.ReservationSyncStatus</b>
as <b>ipam::DhcpReservationSyncStatus.CreateSuccess</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>In case of any
error while updating the reservation in step 4, set <b>CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation.ipAddress.ReservationSyncStatus</b>
as <b>ipam::DhcpReservationSyncStatus.CreateFailure</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Update the
ReservationSyncStatus in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> in the row corresponding to <b>CreateOrUpdateIPv4Reservation.ipAddress.RecordId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>In case of any error while
updating the reservation in step 4, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be
generated.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>