<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.357 ReservationOptionDataFormatter</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The ReservationOptionDataFormatter complex type is used to
format the fields of a DHCP option corresponding to a DHCP reservation into a
string used to display the result of operations. The string is formatted such
that the DHCP option and reservation are identifiable uniquely.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;ReservationOptionDataFormatter&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:IpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;OptionId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:int&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ReservationAddress&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ScopeId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServerName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;UserClassName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;VendorClassName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>OptionId</b>: This specifies the unique identifier
of the DHCP option.</p>

<p><b>ReservationAddress</b>: This specifies the IP
address corresponding to the reservation.</p>

<p><b>ScopeId</b>: This specifies the DHCP scope to
which the reservation belongs.</p>

<p><b>ServerName</b>: This specifies the name of the
DHCP server to which the DHCP scope belongs.</p>

<p><b>UserClassName</b>: This specifies the name of the
user class.</p>

<p><b>VendorClassName</b>: This specifies the name of
the vendor class.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>