<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.1.1 Data Model</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The following columns are common to both the IPv4-specific
and IPv6-specific tables.</p>

<p><b>RecordId: </b>Primary key: A 64-bit signed integer
that is unique for each entry in the table. The data store assigns a unique
value when a new row is inserted into the table. This forms the <b>RecordId</b>
of the <b>IPRange</b> data structure.</p>

<p><b>ParentIPBlockRecordId: </b>Foreign key (<b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>,
<b>RecordId</b>); on delete no action, on update no action. This column
specifies the record identifier of an IP address block (in the <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>)
to which the <b>IPRange</b> maps. An address range will map to the most
specific address block whose subnet identifier, subnet mask, start IP address,
end IP address, and AddressSpace include the range of addresses specified by
the address range. This column MUST not be NULL for an <b>IPRange</b>.</p>

<p><b>AddressSpaceRecordId: </b> Foreign key (<b>ADM_AddressSpaceTable</b>,
<b>RecordId</b>); on update no action, on delete no action.</p>

<p><b>RangeDetails: </b> This consists of the columns
common to both IPv4-specific and IPv6-specific tables. These columns are
modeled on the following properties of <b>IPRange,</b> which is the base type
that both IPv4Range and IPv6Range extend.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>AddressAssignment</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>AddressCategory</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>EndIPAddress</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>IsOverlapping</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>LastAssignedDate</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>LastChangeDate</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>LastReclaimRuntime</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>NumberOfChildAddresses</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Owner</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>PrefixLength</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>StartIPAddress</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>UtilizationCalculationType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>UtilizationEventLogStatus</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>UtilizationStatistics
</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>UseForUtilization</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>ConnectionSpecificDNSSuffix</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>VirtualizationType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>IsUnmappedFromReverseZone</p>

</li></ul><p><b>ScopeRecordId: </b>Foreign key (<b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable,
RecordId</b>); on delete cascade<b>.</b> If the IP address range is a dynamic
address range (<b>AddressAssignment</b> is <b>Dynamic</b>), this specifies the <b>RecordId</b>
in the <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b> for the scope corresponding to this IP
address range. This forms the <b>ScopeRecordId</b> of the IPRange.</p>

<p><b>ManagedByValue: </b> This is a computed value for
each row of this table. This is computed by looking up the <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
for the row with <b>UsedById</b> to be <b>RecordId</b> value of the address
range, <b>ObjectType</b> to be <b>EnumerationObjectType.IPRange</b>, <b>Af</b>
is InterNetwork for an IPv4Range, InterNetworkV6 for an IPv6Range, and the <b>CustomFieldId</b>
to be of value <b>ADM_ManagedByCustomFieldId.</b></p>

<p><b>ManagedByEntityValue: </b> This is a computed
value for each row of this table. This is computed by looking up the <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
for the row with the <b>UsedById</b> to be the <b>RecordId</b> value of the
address range, <b>ObjectType</b> to be <b>EnumerationObjectType.IPRange</b>, <b>Af</b>
is InterNetwork for an IPv4Range, InterNetworkV6 for an IPv6Range, and the <b>CustomFieldId</b>
to be of value <b>ADM_ManagedByEntityCustomFieldId</b>.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<p>For the IPv4-specific table, the following
additional property of <b>IPv4Range</b> is associated with the range.</p>
</dd></dl>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>WINSServers</p>

</li></ul>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>