<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1 ADM_IPAMDataStore</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The IPAM Management Protocol is centered on the IPAM data
store. The IPAM data store, which consists of the data pertaining to the
address management, DHCP/DNS servers, their configuration, and so on, can be
remotely managed using this protocol.</p>

<p>The data model for the IPAM data store consists of a number
of tables that hold the information provided by the management protocol in a
persistent store. There are other miscellaneous states, some of which are
persistent and others that are not. Each of them is described in the sections
following.</p>

<p>The data model here uses the terms <i>tables</i>, <i>columns</i>,
<i>rows</i>, <i>primary key</i>, and <i>foreign key</i> conceptually similar to
those defined in <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=235392">[MSDN-Tables]</a>.</p>

<p>The tables used to model the IPAM data store are either
simple tables or a collection of two simple tables (referred to here as
compound tables). The compound table is used to conceptualize the tables in the
data store that store IPv4-specific information and IPv6-specific information.
For example, the IP address range information can either pertain to an IPv4
address range or IPv6 address range. They are modeled as a single compound
table, <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>, that has two tables further -- one for IPv4
address range and another for IPv6 address range. By considering the model to
have the compound tables, it makes it easier to have the processing rules on
the tables defined irrespective of whether it is for IPv4 or IPv6.</p>

<p>The simple table itself can be modeled around the database
tables. In summary, a simple table will have a set of columns that defines the
properties of the entity that it stores. The rows of the table form the
entities for which the table has information. </p>

<p>Some columns in the table are referred to as a primary key
or a foreign key. </p>

<p>A primary key column is a column that uniquely identifies a
row in the table, and therefore no two rows in the table will have the same
value for the primary key column. A column is marked as a primary key in the
data model below using the term &quot;&lt;primary key column name&gt;: primary
key&quot;.</p>

<p>A foreign key column specifies a relation to a row in
another table, along with certain constraints. The following details define a
foreign key that specifies the relation of the data in the source table to the
data in the target table:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The column in the source table. </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The target table to which the foreign key specifies the relation.
</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The column in the target table to which the foreign key refers;
this is a primary key in the target table.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The constraint on what happens when the row with the primary key
value is deleted in the target table. This can result in one of the following:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>The
column in the source table is reset to mean there is no relation between the
row in the source table to any other row in the target table (&quot;<b>set null</b>&quot;
constraint).</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>The
row in the source table is deleted so that every row in the source table (if it
exists) refers to a valid row in the target table (&quot;<b>cascade</b>&quot;
constraint).</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>The
deletion of the row in the target table is not allowed if there are any foreign
key associations to that row (&quot;<b>no action</b>&quot; constraint).</p>

</li></ul></li></ul><p>Note that whenever a column that is a primary key (in a
target table) is changed, the reference value of all the foreign keys to this
target table from the other source tables of the relation are updated. This
way, the relation is still maintained if the primary key column value is
changed.</p>

<p>In the following data model definitions, the foreign key
definition is provided as a tuple as given below:</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;foreign key column name&gt;: foreign key (&lt;target table&gt;, &lt;target column&gt;) on delete &lt;deletion constraint&gt; 
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>where <code>&lt;deletion constraint&gt;</code>
can be &quot;<b>set null</b>&quot;, or &quot;<b>cascade</b>&quot;, or &quot;<b>no
action</b>&quot;.</p>

<p>Each table defines a set of procedures that help to
consolidate the interaction with the data model, thereby making the message
processing and sequencing rules simple enough to capture the steps involved in
arriving at the data. </p>

<p>There are two other aspects of compound tables that complete
the data model. These are called out in the following sections.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>A common set of columns is present in both tables.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>A set of columns that are specific to the individual tables
defined for each simple table in the common table is present.</p>

</li></ul><p>In addition, consider the case of a foreign key relation
from the compound table A to another compound table B. The relation is between
the simple tables of the same kind – for example, a foreign key relation in
IPv4-specific simple table in A to compound table B, is a relation to the
IPv4-specific simple table in B. A relation from a compound table A to a simple
table B is like any other relation between two simple tables; the IPv4-specific
table of A has a relation to the simple table B and similarly IPv6-specific
table of A has a relation to the simple table B.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>