<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.132 SaveRange</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation creates a new range object in the IPAM data
store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;SaveRange&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/SaveRange&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_SaveRange_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/SaveRangeResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_SaveRange_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the IIpamServer_SaveRange_InputMessage
request message, the server performs the following processing steps. Upon
successful completion of these steps, the server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_SaveRange_OutputMessage message. In the event of a failure, an
appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a>
MUST be sent to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
SaveRange.range by calling ValidateIPRange by passing SaveRange.range as <i>Param_range</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If any of the
rules in the above procedure fails, raise an appropriate SOAP fault.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Perform the
processing rules listed in SetIPRangeMapping to calculate the <b>IsOverlapping</b>
field of the ranges, and mapping the addresses by passing the SaveRange.range
as the <i>currentRange</i> parameter. Assign the currentRange.RecordId to
SaveRangeResponse.SaveRangeResult.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
SaveRange.range.CustomFieldValues by performing the processing rules listed in
ValidateCustomFieldValues. If the custom field values are valid, store the
custom field values by calling the SetCustomFieldValues procedure of <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
with the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ObjectType</i>
is set to EnumeratedObjectType.IPRange.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i>
is set to currentRange.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressFamily</i>
is set to InterNetwork if the SaveRange.range is IPv4Range. If SaveRange.range
is IPv6Range, <i>Param_addressFamily</i> is set to InterNetworkV6.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_CustomFieldValuesCollection</i>
is assigned SaveRange.range.CustomFieldValues.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Create access
scope associations for currentRange by calling the CreateAssociationEntry
procedure of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b> by passing following
parameters:</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span><i>Param_objectType</i>
is set to EnumeratedObjectType.IPRange.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span><i>Param_objectId</i>
is set to currentRange.RecordId.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>