<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.126 SaveAddressSpace</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation creates a new address space in the IPAM data
store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;SaveAddressSpace&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/SaveAddressSpace&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_SaveAddressSpace_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/SaveAddressSpaceResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_SaveAddressSpace_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt; 
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the IIpamServer_SaveAddressSpace_InputMessage
request message, the server performs the following processing steps. Upon
successful completion of these steps, the server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_SaveAddressSpace_OutputMessage. In the event of a failure, an
appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a>
MUST be sent to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Validate
AddressSpace in SaveAddressSpace.addressSpace by invoking ValidateAddressSpace
passing SaveAddressSpace.addressSpace as <i>Param_AddressSpace</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If all the
validation requirements are not met, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be
generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign SaveAddressSpace.addressSpace
to addressSpaceToSave to a temporary data store.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Check that there
isn’t already an address space by addressSpaceToSave.Name. Names of address
spaces in IPAM MUST be unique.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetAddressSpaceByName of <b>ADM_AddressSpaceTable</b>
with the following parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Pass
addressSpaceToSave.Name as <i>Param_AddressSpaceName</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Pass
addressSpaceToSave.AddressSpaceType as <i>Param_AddressSpaceType</i>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>If Result_AddressSpace is not NULL or empty, an appropriate SOAP fault
MUST be generated.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Add a new row in
<b>ADM_AddressSpaceTable</b> with the values from the addressSpaceToSave
properties.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign the <b>RecordId</b>
of the new record to SaveAddressSpaceResponse.SaveAddressSpaceResult. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
CustomFieldValues is also part of the properties of addressSpaceToSave, call
the procedure SetCustomFieldValues in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_ObjectType</i> is set to EnumerationObjectType.AddressSpace.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_addressFamily</i> is set to InterNetwork if UpdateBlock.ipBlock
is IPv4Block. It is set to InterNetworkV6 if UpdateBlock.ipBlock is IPv6Block.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i> is assigned the value of
updatedAddressSpace.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_CustomFieldValuesCollection</i> is assigned the value of
updatedAddressSpace.CustomFieldValues.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>