<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.314 IPSubnet</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The IPSubnet complex type allows extending the attributes of
the IPBlock complex type to represent information pertaining to an IP subnet.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;IPSubnet&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:IPBlock&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;CustomerAddressSpaceName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsOverlapping&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Name&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ProviderAddressSpaceName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;UseForUtilization&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;VLANId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;serarr:ArrayOfint&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;VSId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:int&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;VirtualizationType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:IPVirtualizationType&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>CustomerAddressSpaceName</b>: This specifies the
name of the customer address space that the IP subnet is associated with.</p>

<p><b>IsOverlapping</b>: This specifies whether this
subnet overlaps with any other subnet in this address space.</p>

<p><b>Name</b>: This specifies the name of the IP
subnet.</p>

<p><b>ProviderAddressSpaceName</b>: This specifies the
name of the provider address space that the IP subnet is associated with.</p>

<p><b>UseForUtilization</b>: This specifies whether the
subnet is used for utilization calculation of the IP block. In case of
overlapping subnets, only one of the overlapping ones is used for calculating
utilization information for the parent block. The subnet that is used for the
utilization calculation of the parent block will have this set to true.</p>

<p><b>VLANId</b>: This specifies the array containing
the identifiers of the VLANs that this subnet maps to.</p>

<p><b>VSId</b>: This specifies the identifier of the
virtual subnet that is associated with this subnet.</p>

<p><b>VirtualizationType</b>: This specifies whether the
given subnet is a physical subnet, in which case this property will be marked
as NonVirtualized, or whether it is being used in a virtual environment, in
which case its VirtualizationType will be set to either fabric or virtual.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>