<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.34 DeleteSubnet</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is used to delete the specified IP subnet
from the IPAM data store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;DeleteSubnet&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/DeleteSubnet&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_DeleteSubnet_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/DeleteSubnetResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_DeleteSubnet_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the IIpamServer_DeleteSubnet_InputMessage
request message, the server performs the following processing steps. Upon
successful completion of these steps, the server MUST respond with the IIpamServer_DeleteSubnet_OutputMessage
message. In the event of a failure, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a> MUST be sent to
the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If <b>addressFamily:DeleteSubnet.addressFamily</b>
is neither IPv4 or IPv6, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be raised. If the
addressFamily is InterNetwork, IPv4 tables are used for further processing,
otherwise, IPv6 tables are used.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Get the subnet
information corresponding to the specified DeleteSubnet.id by calling the <b>GetSubnetById</b>
procedure of the <b>ADM_SubnetTable</b> by passing the <i>Param_id</i>
parameter as DeleteSubnet.id. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign the
subnet retrieved in result to <b>subnetToBeDeleted</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>subnetToBeDeleted</b>
is NULL, raise an appropriate SOAP fault and stop further processing.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Get the list of
ranges mapping to <b>subnetToBeDeleted</b> by calling GetChildRangesForBlock of
<b>ADM_SubnetTable</b> by passing the following parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Pass subnetToBeDeleted.RecordId as Param_blockId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Pass <b>addressFamily:DeleteSubnet.addressFamily</b> as
Param_AddressFamily.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Store the result
<b>Result_Ranges</b> in a temporary store <b>childRanges</b>. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Child ranges
MUST be deleted if the subnet is being deleted. A SOAP fault MUST be raised if
any of the following conditions is TRUE:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span><b>DeleteSubnet.deleteChildRanges</b> is FALSE and <b>childRanges</b> is
not NULL or empty.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><b>DeleteSubnet.deleteChildRanges</b> is TRUE and there are ranges in <b>childRanges</b>
that are ManagedBy DHCP. Compute the ManagedBy value for the address range as
the value of the custom field in <b>childRanges.CustomFieldValues</b> that has
the record identifier set to be <b>ADM_ManagedByCustomFieldId</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>For each r<b>angeToBeDeleted</b>
of the childRanges, do the following:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Delete the range with <b>RecordId</b> as <b>rangeToBeDeleted.RecordId</b>
by following the steps in <b>DeleteRange</b>. Use <b>DeleteSubnet.deleteChildAddresses</b>
and <b>DeleteSubnet.addressFamily</b> as other inputs to steps in <b>DeleteRange</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Update the i<b>sOverlapping</b>
and <b>UseForUtilization</b> properties for each of the subnets that is
conflicting with s<b>ubnetToBeDeleted</b>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Get the subnets overlapping with subnetToBeDeleted by calling <b>GetOverlappingBlocks</b>
for <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b> with the following params:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>subnetToBeDeleted.startIPAddress</b>
to <b>Param_StartIPAddress</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>subnetToBeDeleted.EndIPAddress</b>
to <b>Param_EndIPAddress</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>subnetToBeDeleted.PrefixLength</b>
to <b>Param_PrefixLength</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>subnetToBeDeleted.AddressSpaceId</b>
to <b>Param_AddressSpaceId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>subnetToBeDeleted.RecordId</b>
to <b>Param_RecordIdToExclude</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each of the conflictingSubnet subnets in <b>Result_OverlappingBlocks</b>,
get all subnets conflicting with this subnet by calling <b>GetOverlappingBlocks</b>
of <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>conflictingSubnet.startIPAddress</b>
to <b>Param_StartIPAddress</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>conflictingSubnet.EndIPAddress</b>
to <b>Param_EndIPAddress</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>conflictingSubnet.PrefixLength</b>
to <b>Param_PrefixLength</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>conflictingSubnet.AddressSpaceId</b>
to <b>Param_AddressSpaceId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>RecordIds</b>
of all subnets in <b>Result_OverlappingBlocks</b> to <b>Param_RecordIdToExclude</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Store the resulting conflicting subnets <b>Result_OverlappingBlocks</b>
in <b>subnetsConflictingWithConflictingSubnet</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If any of the subnets in <b>subnetsConflictingWithConflictingSubnet</b>
has U<b>seForUtilization</b> as TRUE, set <b>UseForUtilization</b> of the <b>conflictingSubnet</b>
as FALSE. Otherwise, set <b>UseForUtilization</b> of <b>conflictingSubnet</b>
to TRUE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If <b>subnetsConflictingWithConflictingSubnet</b> is empty, set the <b>isOverlapping</b>
property of <b>conflictingSubnet</b> to FALSE. Else set the <b>isOverlapping</b>
property of <b>conflictingSubnet</b> to TRUE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Store the changes to the row corresponding to <b>conflictingSubnet</b>
in <b>ADM_Subnet</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Remove the row corresponding
to <b>subnetToBeDeleted</b> from <b>ADM_SubnetTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
subnetToBeDeleted.AddressSpaceRecordId matches the record Id of
DefaultProviderAddressSpace, delete any access scopes that were associated with
this subnet. Call DeleteAssociationEntry procedure of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b>
with the following parameters to adjust the access scope associations:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span><b>Param_ObjectType</b> is set to <b>EnumerationObjectType.IPSubnet</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><b>Param_ObjectId</b> is assigned the value of <b>subnetToBeDeleted.RecordId</b>.
</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the
subnetToBeDeleted.AddressSpaceRecordId doesn’t match the record Id of
DefaultProviderAddressSpace, delete any access scopes that were associated with
this subnet. Call <b>DeleteAssociationEntry</b> procedure of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b>
with the following parameters to adjust the access scope associations:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span><b>Param_ObjectType</b> is set to <b>EnumerationObjectType.AddressSpace</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><b>Param_ObjectId</b> is assigned the value of <b>subnetToBeDeleted.AddressSpaceRecordId</b>.
</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Any exceptions encountered
are collected and reported in the response message along with the associated
IPRangeDataFormatter.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>