<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.2.2.2 SetCustomFieldValues</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure is used to add the custom field values
associated with an object into the IPAM data store. The following are the input
parameters for this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Param_ObjectType: </b> This is of type
EnumerationObjectType, specifying the type of the object for which the custom
field values are being added.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressFamily: </b> This is of type
AddressFamily, specifying the address family of the object for which the custom
field values are being added.</p>

<p><b>Param_ObjectRecordId: </b> This is a 64-bit signed
integer specifying the <b>RecordId</b> of the object of type <i>Param_ObjectType</i>
for which the custom field values are being added.</p>

<p><b>Param_CustomFieldValuesCollection: </b> This is a
collection of CustomFieldValue providing the custom field values to be added to
the IPAM data store.</p>

<p>No output is associated with the parameter other than
updating the IPAM data store with the values specified.</p>

<p>The following are the steps involved:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Delete the
existing custom field values in the table for the specified <i>Param_ObjectType</i>,
<i>Param_addressFamily</i> and <i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each row in
the <i>Param_CustomFieldValuesCollection</i>, add an entry in the <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesTable</b>:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
<i>Param_ObjectType</i> to ObjectType.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
<i>Param_addressFamily</i> to Af.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
<i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i> to UsedById.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
CustomFieldValue.ParentCustomFieldRecordId to CustomFieldId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
CustomFieldValue.RecordId to CustomFieldValueId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
CustomFieldValue.Value to Value.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>