<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.40 UpdateDnsResourceRecordsDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is AdminOperationId.UpdateDnsResourceRecords.
The IpamOperationWithProgressParameter instance in this case MUST be of type
MultiUpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters. </p>

<p>This operation is used to update multiple DNS resource
records. In the following processing steps, at any time a fault is generated,
SetOverallStatus (section <a href="8b90a93e-60bc-4882-9925-613181d931f9.md">3.19.4.8</a>)
SHOULD be called with the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter is NULL or not of type
MultiUpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters, generate an appropriate SOAP fault as
specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.
Project IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
MultiUpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If MultiUpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters
is NULL, MultiUpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ResourceRecords is NULL,
MultiUpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ResourceRecords.count is 0,
MultiUpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ServerZoneId is 0, or
MultiUpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ZoneType as ZoneLookupType.None,
generate an appropriate SOAP fault.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For all the
resource records in MultiUpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ResourceRecords,
validate each resource record using the processing rules listed under
ValidateDnsResourceRecord by passing each record as Param_dnsResourceRecord. If
any of the processing rules are not met, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be
returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call the
procedure GetDnsResourceRecordByRecordId of <b>ADM_DNSResourceRecordTable</b>
with <b>RecordIds</b> of MultiUpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ResourceRecords
as the parameter and store the output in the oldRecords variable. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For the records
in oldRecords that are not NULL, update the <b>RecordTTL</b> field with
MultiUpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.TTL.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call SetOverallStatus
with Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>