<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.149 DhcpScopeTemplateConfiguration</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The DhcpScopeTemplateConfiguration complex type is used to
edit a collection of DHCP scopes. It specifies the properties of the scope that
need to be changed in a multi-select edit operation.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;DhcpScopeTemplateConfiguration&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Description&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpDiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsNameProtectionStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpDnsNameProtectionStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DnsUpdateType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpDnsUpdateType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;FindAndReplaceOptions&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfDhcpFindAndReplaceOption&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;OptionApplyType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpOptionApplyType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Options&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfDhcpOption&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Status&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DhcpScopeStatus&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>Description</b>: The description for the DHCP
scope.</p>

<p><b>DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus</b>:
Specifies the DNS operation to be performed when the address lease expires and
the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_e6d76b31-2852-4bd5-8fbb-8e82a3cedb29">lease record</a> gets
deleted.</p>

<p><b>DnsNameProtectionStatus</b>: Specifies the setting
of DNS name protection for the scope. See <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=125431">[RFC4701]</a> for
information on the name protection.</p>

<p><b>DnsUpdateType</b>: Specifies the dynamic DNS
registration settings associated with the DHCP scope.</p>

<p><b>FindAndReplaceOptions</b>: Specifies the option
value for Find and Replace action. It includes the option value to be searched
for and the new option value to be assigned.</p>

<p><b>OptionApplyType</b>: Specifies the action that
needs to be taken with the options for the given set of DHCP scopes. The
actions could be Add or overwrite, delete, append or Find and Replace. </p>

<p><b>Options</b>: Specifies the collection DHCP options
associated with the scope.</p>

<p><b>Status</b>: Specifies whether the scope instance
is activated or deactivated.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>