<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.4.2.2 GetIPBlockFromTable</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure is used to retrieve the IP address block
information in the form of IPv4Block or IPv6Block. The type of the data
returned being IPv4Block or IPv6Block is based on the simple table within <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>
compound table against which the processing steps are performed. </p>

<p>The following input parameters are used.</p>

<p><b>Param_blockId: </b> This is a 64-bit signed
integer that identifies the block for which the information is being retrieved.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> This is of type
AddressFamily and it can be either InterNetwork or InterNetworkV6. The value
InterNetwork is used to specify the processing to be done on the IPv4-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing. The value
InterNetworkV6 is used to specify the processing to be done on IPv6-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing. </p>

<p>The following is the
output parameter from this procedure.</p>

<p><b>result</b>: This is the address block information
in the form of IPv4Block or IPv6Block corresponding to the <i>Param_blockId</i>
specified in the input parameter. If the <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is
InterNetwork, the procedure returns IPv4Block and if it is InterNetworkV6, the
procedure returns IPv6Block.</p>

<p>The following processing
steps are performed.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up the <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>
for the row with the <b>RecordId</b> value being <i>Param_blockId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the row is
not found, return NULL. Otherwise, initialize result to IPv4Block if the
Param_addressfamily is InterNetwork and IPv6Block if <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is InterNetworkV6.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Copy the <b>BlockDetails</b>
to result.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Retrieve the
custom field values for the address block object by calling the
GetCustomFieldValues procedure of <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ObjectType</i>
is set to EnumerationObjectType.IPBlock.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressFamily</i>
is passed as is.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Result.RecordId
is passed as <i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
the Result_CustomFieldValueList to result.CustomFieldValues.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
the Result_CustomFieldPartialList to result.PartialCustomFieldValues.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Call
GetMultivaluedPropertiesForBlock of <b>ADM_IPBlockMultivaluedPropertiesTable</b>
with <i>Param_blockId</i> set to <i>Param_blockId</i> and <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
set to <i>Param_addressfamily</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Process the
output <i>Param_resultBlockMultiValuedProperties</i> to set values for
following IPBlock properties:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>VLAN.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Call
GetAccessScopeForObjectIdAndType of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectId</i>
is set to <i>Param_blockId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectType</i>
is set to IpamObjectType.IPv4Block if addressfamily is InterNetwork or
IpamObjectType.IPv6Block if addressfamily is InterNetworkv6.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_accessScopeId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectInheritanceStatus</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_inheritanceId</i>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <i>Param_accessScopeId</i>
to result.AccessScopeId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <i>Param_objectInheritanceStatus</i>
to result.IsInheritedAccessScope.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Return <b>result</b> as the
output of the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>