<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.11.4.7 StartAsyncProvisioning</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is invoked by the client to trigger the start
of the provisioning. This causes the session state to be set to <b>Enumeration
Started</b>.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation msc:isInitiating=&quot;true&quot; msc:isTerminating=&quot;false&quot; name=&quot;StartAsyncProvisioning&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamAsyncProvision/StartAsyncProvisioning&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamAsyncProvision_StartAsyncProvisioning_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the
IIpamAsyncProvision_StartAsyncProvisioning_InputMessage request message, the
server MUST invoke the NotifyAsyncProvisionStart operation. The following
processing steps are then invoked to provision the IPAM data store. If the
processing steps take longer than the lower layer session timeout values, the
implementation MUST send checkpoint updates to the management client by
invoking the NotifyAsyncProvisionCheckpoint callback operation. </p>

<p>Also if a fault is generated in any of the steps below, the
NotifyAsyncProvisionComplete callback operation MUST be called specifying
NotifyAsyncProvisionComplete.exception set to the fault information. The <b>session
state</b> will be set to <b>Provisioning Completed</b> when a fault is
encountered.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If <b>ADM_IsIPAMProvisioningInProgress</b>
is set to TRUE, return an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a> as there is
already a session which has triggered the provisioning.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>ADM_IsIPAMConfigured</b>
is FALSE, perform the following steps.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Setup the IPAM data store ADM_IPAMDataStore in an implementation
specific manner. Where applicable as described in the ADM section, initialize
the tables with the default values as well.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Setup the ADM_IPAMSecurityGroups in an implementation specific manner.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the provisioning has been completed successfully,</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set ADM_IsIPAMConfigured to TRUE.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>If any fault was encountered as a part of the provisioning steps,</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Set NotifyAsyncProvisionComplete.exception to the fault information.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set <b>session state</b> to <b>Provisioning Completed</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set the current date and time to <b>ADM_CommonProperties.IpamConfiguredDate</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set ADM_IsIPAMProvisioningInProgress to FALSE.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>