<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.133 SaveSubnet</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is used to create a new range object in the
IPAM data store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;SaveSubnet&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/SaveSubnet&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_SaveSubnet_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/SaveSubnetResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_SaveSubnet_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the IIpamServer_SaveRange_InputMessage
request message, the server performs the following processing steps. Upon
successful completion of these steps, the server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_SaveRange_OutputMessage message. In the event of a failure, an
appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a>
MUST be sent to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
SaveSubnet.subnet by calling ValidateSubnet passing SaveSubnet.subnet as <i>Param_IPSubnet</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If any of the
rules in the previous validation fails, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be
raised.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign
SaveSubnet.subnet to subnetToBeSaved.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Check if a
subnet already exists with the same startIP and EndIP in the same address space
as subnetToBeSaved. Raise an appropriate SOAP fault if such a subnet already
exists in the IPAM data store. Follow these steps for this:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetAllSubnetsForAddressCategory of <b>ADM_SubnetTable</b>
with the following parameters for the call:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Assign
subnetToBeSaved.AddressCategory to <i>Param_AddressCategory</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign the
Result_Subnets to a temporary data store possibleConflictingSubnets. </p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each of the currentSubnet subnets in possibleConflictingSubnets,
check if currentSubnet.startIPAddress = subnetToBeSaved.startIPAddress and
currentSubnet.EndIPAddress = subnetToBeSaved.EndIPAddress and
currentSubnet.AddressSpaceId = subnetToBeSaved.AddressSpaceId. Raise a fault if
the subnet already exists in the IPAM data store.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Calculate the
IsOverlapping and UseForUtilization properties of the subnetToBeSaved by using
the following steps:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Get all the subnets that overlap with subnetToBeSaved by calling the
procedure GetOverlappingSubnets for <b>ADM_SubnetTable</b> with the following
params:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Assign
subnetToBeSaved.startIPAddress to <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign
subnetToBeSaved.EndIPAddress to <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign
subnetToBeSaved.PrefixLength to <i>Param_PrefixLength</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign
subnetToBeSaved.AddressSpaceId to <i>Param_AddressSpaceId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign
subnetToBeSaved.RecordId to <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each of the subnets in Result_OverlappingBlocks, check if the
UseForUtilization property is set. If none of these subnets have the
UseForUtilization set to TRUE or if the Result_OverlappingBlocks is empty, set
UseForUtilization property subnetToBeSaved to TRUE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If Result_OverlappingBlocks is empty, set isOverlapping property for
subnetToBeSaved to FALSE. Otherwise, set the isOverlapping property of
subnetToBeSaved to TRUE.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the
subnetToBeSaved.addressSpaceRecordId points to the default address space, do
the following to compute the parent IP block to which it maps. Only subnets
that belong to the default address space map to a block. Call
CalculateParentForIPBlock for <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b> with the following
parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign subnetToBeSaved.startIPAddress to <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign subnetToBeSaved.EndIPAddress to <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign subnetToBeSaved.PrefixLength to <i>Param_ PrefixLength</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign subnetToBeSaved.RecordId to <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign subnetToBeSaved.AddressCategory to <i>Param_AddressCategory</i>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Set the
ParentIPBlockRecordID of subnetToBeSaved to <b>RecordId</b> returned in the
previous result.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Add a new row
into the <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b> by using the values from subnetToBeSaved. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Add a new row
into the <b>ADM_SubnetTable</b> by using the values from subnetToBeSaved.
Assign the <b>RecordId</b> of the new row added to subnetToBeSaved.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Add a new row into the <b>ADM_IPBlockMultivaluedPropertiesTable</b>
by using the values from subnetToBeSaved. Values applicable are listed in <b>ADM_IPBlockMultivaluedPropertiesTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Update the isOverlapping
property of all the subnets that overlap with subnetToBeSaved. For all the rows
of <b>ADM_SubnetTable</b> corresponding to Result_OverlappingBlocks calculated
in step 6b, set IsOverlapping to true.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
subnetToBeSaved.CustomFieldValues by performing the processing rules listed in
ValidateCustomFieldValues. If the custom field values are valid, store the
custom field values by calling the SetCustomFieldValues procedure of <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
with the following parameters:</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span><i>Param_ObjectType</i> is
set to <b>EnumeratedObjectType.Subnet</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span><i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i>
is set to <b>subnetToBeSaved.RecordId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span><i>Param_addressFamily</i>
is set to InterNetwork if the <b>subnetToBeSaved</b> is IPv4Range. If <b>subnetToBeSaved</b>
is IPv6Range, <i>Param_addressFamily</i> is set to InterNetworkV6.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span><i>Param_CustomFieldValuesCollection</i>
is assigned <b>subnetToBeSaved.CustomFieldValues</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call CreateAssociationEntry
procedure of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b> with the following
parameters: </p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign subnetToBeSaved.RecordId to <i>Param_objectId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign subnetToBeSaved.ObjectType to <i>Param_objectType</i>.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>