<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.34.2.4 Remap</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure marks a subnet to be used for calculating Utilization
of the parent block or AddressSpace. </p>

<p>The following are the input parameters to this procedure:</p>

<p><b>Param_SubnetId</b>: This is a signed 64-bit
integer.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressFamily</b>: This is of type
AddressFamily.</p>

<p>There is no output from this procedure.</p>

<p>The following steps are the processing done by this
procedure against the data store.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Get the Subnet
from data store by calling the GetSubnetById procedure of <b>ADM_SubnetTable</b>
by passing <i>Param_SubnetId</i> and <i>Param_addressFamily</i> as parameters.
If Result_Subnet is NULL then return.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
Result_Subnet.UseForUtilization is 1, then return as this subnet is already
being used for utilization calculation of the parent block or AddressSpace.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Get all the
subnets that are overlapping with the specified subnet. Call the GetOverlappingBlocks
procedure of <i>ADM_IPBlocksTable</i> by passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>
is set to Result_Subnet.StartIPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>
is set to Result_Subnet.EndIPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</i>
is set to Result_Subnet.AddressSpaceRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_PrefixLength</i>
is set to Result_Subnet.PrefixLength.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>
is set to Result_Subnet.RecordId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Process the
Result_OverlappingBlocks and filter it to find the records that have IsSubnet
set to 1. These are the rows that represent the subnets. Move them to the
OverlappingSubnets collection.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If there are no
records in OverlappingSubnets or it is empty, this means that there are no
overlapping subnets. Set Result_Subnet.UseForUtilization to 1, update the row
and return.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each of the
OverlappingSubnet records present in the OverlappingSubnets collection, perform
the following operations:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>If OverlappingSubnet.UseForUtilization is set to 1, perform following
steps:</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set OverlappingSubnet.UseForUtilization to 0 and update the row in <b>ADM_SubnetTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Perform the following steps for all the other records in the
OverlappingSubnets collection:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Get all the
subnets that are overlapping with the specified subnet. Call the
GetOverlappingBlocks procedure of <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>. Process the
Result_OverlappingBlocks and filter it to find the records that have IsSubnet
set to 1 and UseForUtilization set to 1. After filtering, if there are any
records present in the collection, don’t do anything further. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If there are no
records present, then update the UseForUtilization to 1 for the subnet and
update the row in the table.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Return from the
procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>