<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.4.2.8 GetChildIPBlocksForBlock</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure is used to retrieve the IP address block
information in the form of IPv4Block or IPv6Block. The type of the data
returned being IPv4Block or IPv6Block is based on the simple table within the <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>
compound table against which the processing steps are performed. </p>

<p>The following are the input parameters to this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Param_blockId: </b> This is a 64-bit signed
integer that identifies the block for which the information is being retrieved.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> This is of type
AddressFamily and it can be either InterNetwork or InterNetworkV6. The value
InterNetwork is used to specify the processing to be done on the IPv4-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing. The value
InterNetworkV6 is used to specify the processing to be done on IPv6-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing. </p>

<p>The following is the output parameter from this
procedure.</p>

<p><b>Result_childBlocks: </b> This is a collection of
the address block information in the form of IPv4Block or IPv6Block
corresponding to <i>Param_blockId</i> and <i>Param_addressfamily</i> specified
in the input parameter. If <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetwork, the
procedure returns collection of IPv4Block instances and if it is
InterNetworkV6, the procedure returns a collection of IPv6Block instances.</p>

<p>The following are the processing steps involved.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up the <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>
for all the rows with the <b>ParentBlockRecordId</b> of value <i>Param_blockId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the rows are
not found, return NULL. Otherwise initialize Result_childBlocks to a collection
of IPv4Block if <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetwork and IPv6Block if the
<i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetworkV6.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each row
that has been found, call GetIPBlockFromTable procedure of <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>RecordId</b>
is assigned to <i>Param_blockId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is assigned to <i>Param_addressfamily</i>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Process the
output result and add it to the collection Result_childBlocks.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Return Result_childBlocks
as the output of the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>