<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.7 AddressSpace</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>A set of connected networks that are reachable (routable)
from one another form an address space. In IPAM, all IP blocks, subnets, ranges
and IP addresses that belong to such a set of networks are grouped together
within an address space container. To support network virtualization, IPAM
provides two types of address spaces: Provider and Customer. All IPAM entities
reside in a built-in address space called the DefaultIPAddressSpace. Any
conventional (nonvirtualized) network entity such as a subnet or IP address
range are in the default address space.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;AddressSpace&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AccessScopeId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AddressSpaceType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:IPAddressSpaceType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;CustomFieldValues&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfCustomFieldValue&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Description&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IPv4UtilizationStatistics&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:IPv4Utilization&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IPv6UtilizationStatistics&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:IPv6Utilization&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsInheritedAccessScope&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Name&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Owner&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;PartialCustomFieldValues&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfCustomFieldPartialValue&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>AccessScopeId</b>:  Identifies the access scope
that is associated with this address space.</p>

<p><b>AddressSpaceType</b>:  Specifies whether the
address space is a Provider or Customer. The Provider address space
encapsulates entities that host the provider's infrastructure while the Customer
address space encapsulates entities defined for <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_6ae78883-639e-44c6-96d7-617ef44e1b44">tenant</a> machines. This MUST
NOT be NULL.</p>

<p><b>CustomFieldValues</b>:  Specifies the list of
custom field values associated with the address space.</p>

<p><b>Description</b>:  Specifies the description for
the address space.</p>

<p><b>IPv4UtilizationStatistics</b>:  Specifies the
utilization statistics of the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_0f25c9b5-dc73-4c3e-9433-f09d1f62ea8e">IPv4</a>
subnets that map to this address space.</p>

<p><b>IPv6UtilizationStatistics</b>:  Specifies the
utilization statistics of the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_64c29bb6-c8b2-4281-9f3a-c1eb5d2288aa">IPv6</a>
subnets that map to this address space.</p>

<p><b>IsInheritedAccessScope</b>:  Specifies whether the
given address space inherits its access scope from another object.</p>

<p><b>Name</b>:  Specifies the name for the address
space. </p>

<p><b>Owner</b>:  Specifies the owner for the address
space. The length of the string MUST NOT exceed 100 characters.</p>

<p><b>PartialCustomFieldValues</b>:  Specifies the
custom field values associated with the address space in the form of a
collection of CustomFieldPartialValue (section <a href="295eb135-d641-4f93-b315-60a872c21be7.md">2.2.4.84</a>). The management
client MUST NOT use this for specifying the custom field values but rather use
the CustomFieldValues property. The management server uses this to send across
the custom field values as a part of enumeration processing.</p>

<p><b>RecordId</b>:  Specifies a unique identifier for
the data in the IPAM data store.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>