<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.4.25 ValidateBaseDnsServerZone</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This section captures the common validation rules for the
BaseDnsServerZone instance. The rest of the section assumes the
BaseDnsServerZone instance to be validated is passed as a parameter with the
name Param_baseDnsServerZone.</p>

<p>The following validations MUST pass for the
BaseDnsServerZone instance to be valid:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Param_baseDnsServerZone.ZoneType is not
ZoneHostingDnsServerType.None.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Param_baseDnsServerZone.ZoneConfiguration is not
ZoneConfiguration.None.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If Param_baseDnsServerZone.ZoneConfiguration is
ZoneConfiguration.ADIntegrated then check that
Param_baseDnsServerZone.ReplicationScope is not NULL or a whitespace.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If Param_baseDnsServerZone.ZoneConfiguration is ZoneConfiguration.FileBacked
then check that Param_baseDnsServerZone.ZoneFileName is not NULL or a
whitespace.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If Param_baseDnsServerZone.ZoneType is
ZoneHostingDnsServerType.Primary then check the following:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Param_baseDnsServerZone.MasterServers.Count
is equal to 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
Param_baseDnsServerZone.ZoneConfiguration is ZoneConfiguration.ADIntegrated
then check that Param_baseDnsServerZone.ZoneFileName is NULL or a whitespace.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
Param_baseDnsServerZone.ZoneConfiguration is ZoneConfiguration.FileBacked then
check that Param_baseDnsServerZone.ReplicationScope is NULL or a whitespace.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If Param_baseDnsServerZone.ZoneType is
ZoneHostingDnsServerType.Secondary then check the following:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Param_baseDnsServerZone.ZoneFileName
is not NULL or a whitespace.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Param_baseDnsServerZone.ZoneConfiguration
is not ZoneConfiguration.ADIntegrated.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Param_baseDnsServerZone.DirectoryPartitionName
is either NULL or a whitespace.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Param_baseDnsServerZone.ReplicationScope
is either NULL or a whitespace.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If Param_baseDnsServerZone.ZoneType is ZoneHostingDnsServerType.Secondary
or ZoneHostingDnsServerType.Stub then check the following:</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Param_baseDnsServerZone.MasterServers.Count is greater than 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Param_baseDnsServerZone.NotifySecondaries is
DnsNotifySecondariesSetting.None.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Param_baseDnsServerZone.NotifyServers.Count is equal to 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Param_baseDnsServerZone.SecureSecondaries is
DnsSecureSecondariesSetting.None.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Param_baseDnsServerZone.SecondaryServers.Count is equal to 0. </p>

</li></ul>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>