<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.4.8 ValidateIpamIPAddress</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This section captures the common processing rules involved
in validating an IpamIPAddress specified in the form of IpamIPv4Address or
IpamIPv6Address. The address data that needs to be validated is assumed to be
present as a variable <i>Param_address</i>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>The following
are the mandatory properties of IpamIPAddress and MUST be specified with valid
values.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>IPAddress</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>MacAddress</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>CustomFieldValues</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span><i>Param_address</i>
MUST contain the following mandatory custom fields. </p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DeviceType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>ManagedBy</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>ManagedByEntity</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>IPAddressState</p>

</li></ul><p>This is checked by ensuring that <i>Param_address</i>
contains the CustomFieldValue entries in CustomFieldValues, which contain the
ParentCustomFieldNumber to be the values of the following enumeration
respectively:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>BuiltinCustomField.DeviceType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>BuiltinCustomField.ManagedBy</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>BuiltinCustomField.ManagedByEntity</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>BuiltinCustomField.IPAddressState</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_address.DnsForwardLookupZoneDnsServerId</i>
is specified, Param_address.DnsZoneId MUST NOT be NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_address.DnsReverseLookupZoneDnsServerId</i>
is NULL, <i>Param_address.DnsReverseLookupZoneId</i> MUST NOT be NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If both
DnsZoneId and DnsForwardLookupZoneDnsServerId are specified in <i>Param_address</i>,
a row MUST exist in <b>ADM_DNSServerForwardLookupZoneTable</b> that meets the
following conditions.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ServerRecordId</b>
equals <i>Param_address.DnsForwardLookupZoneDnsServerId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DnsZoneId
equals Param_address.DnsZoneId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If both
DnsReverseLookupZoneId and DnsReverseLookupZoneDnsServerId are specified in <i>Param_address</i>,
a row MUST exist in <b>ADM_DNSServerReverseLookupZoneTable</b> that meets the
following conditions:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ServerRecordId</b>
equals <i>Param_address.DnsReverseLookupZoneDnsServerId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DnsReverseZoneId
equals <i>Param_address.DnsReverseLookupZoneId</i>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_address.DnsReverseLookupZoneId</i>
is specified, validate if the specified zone can host the reverse lookup zone
for the address by performing the following checks. The following MUST be met
for the reverse lookup zone information to be valid.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Call
the procedure GetDnsReverseLookupZoneFromTable in <b>ADM_DNSReverseLookupTable</b>
passing <i>Param_address.DnsReverseLookupZoneId</i> as <i>Param_recordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Result_reverseLookupZone.IPType
MUST be equal to address family of <i>Param_address</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_address.IPAddress</i>
MUST lie between Result_reverseLookupZone.StartIP and
Result_reverseLookupZone.EndIP.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_address.AssignedDate</i>
is specified as well as <i>Param_address.ExpiryDate</i>, <i>Param_address.AssignedDate</i>
MUST be less than or equal to <i>Param_address.ExpiryDate</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>The Ipv4 address
MUST NOT fall within the following subnets. This is ascertained by checking the
individual address octets of the Ipv4 IP address. These are specialized address
blocks – see <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=234172">[RFC3330]</a>
for details about the same. </p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>0/8
– First octet of the address MUST not be 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>127/8
– First octet of the address MUST not be 127.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>169.254/16
– First and second octet of the address MUST not be 169 and 254 respectively.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>255.255.255.255
– All octet of the address MUST not be 255.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>The Ipv6 address MUST NOT be
one of the following. For details on these special address types, see <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90427">[RFC3513]</a>. conditions:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>ServerRecordId</b>
equals <i>Param_address.DnsReverseLookupZoneDnsServerId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DnsReverseZoneId
equals <i>Param_address.DnsReverseLookupZoneId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>::0</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>::1</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Ipv6
Link local address</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Ipv6
Site local address</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Ipv6
Multicast address</p>

</li></ul></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>