<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.315 IPUtilization</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The IPUtilization complex type is used to specify the
address utilization data for a specific time range.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;IPUtilization&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:IpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;EndTime&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:dateTime&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsValid&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;StartTime&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:dateTime&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;TotalAssignedAddresses&quot; type=&quot;xsd:double&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;TotalAvailableAddresses&quot; type=&quot;xsd:double&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;TotalUtilizedAddresses&quot; type=&quot;xsd:double&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>EndTime</b>: This specifies the end time of the
time period for which the IPUtilization specifies the address utilization.</p>

<p><b>IsValid</b>: This specifies whether the address
utilization data is valid or not.</p>

<p><b>StartTime</b>: This specifies the start time of
the time period for which the IPUtilization specifies the address utilization.</p>

<p><b>TotalAssignedAddresses</b>: This defines the
number of addresses that is assigned from an IP address space. Typically this is
based on the start and end address for an IP addresses space. In case of an IP
address space being an IP address range, then the available addresses is the
same as assigned addresses. In case of an IP address space being an IP address
block, then the assigned addresses will be based on the volume of IP address
ranges that is mapped under the IP address block.</p>

<p><b>TotalAvailableAddresses</b>: This defines the
available number of addresses in an IP address space. Typically this is based
on the start and end address for an IP addresses space.</p>

<p><b>TotalUtilizedAddresses</b>: This defines the
number of addresses that is utilized from the assigned pool of IP address
space. Typically the utilized count of IP address space will be based on the
number of addresses that is either reserved in IPAM (in case of address
assignment type being AddressAssignment.Static) or allocated to the network (in
case of address assignment type being AddressAssignment.Dynamic).</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>