<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.7 AddScopesToSuperscopeDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This is the processing done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.AddScopesToSuperscope. The IpamOperationWithProgressParameter
instance in this case MUST be of type AddScopesToSuperscopeParameters. </p>

<p>This operation is used to add a collection of scopes to a
new or existing super scope. The following are the steps involved. In these
steps, any time a fault is generated, the SetOverallStatus SHOULD be called
with the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter is NULL or not of type
AddScopesToSuperscopeParameters, generate an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a> (as specified in
section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>).
Project IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
AddScopesToSuperscopeParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
AddScopesToSuperscopeParameters.ScopeIds is null, generate an appropriate SOAP
fault (as specified in section 2.2.2.1).</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Check if the
SuperScope already exists, by looking for a row in <b>ADM_DhcpSuperscopeTable</b>
that has the same <b>RecordId</b> as
AddScopesToSuperscopeParameters.SuperScope.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
Superscope does not already exist, create it by adding a row to <b>ADM_DhcpSuperscopeTable</b>
and initializing the row with the contents of
AddScopesToSuperscopeParameters.SuperScope.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call the
procedure AddScopesToSuperScope of the <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b>, passing
AddScopesToSuperscopeParameters.SuperScope as Param_SuperScope and
AddScopesToSuperscopeParameters.ScopeIds as Param_scopes.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each scope
added to the superscope, if it is in a failover relationship, this function is
called for the partner scope. This will add the partner scope to a superscope
with the same configuration as AddScopesToSuperscopeParameters.SuperScope, on
the partner server.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the procedure
returns any error, generate an appropriate SOAP fault (as specified in section
2.2.2.1).</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call
SetOverallStatus with Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>