<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.46 FetchIpamIPAddress</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is used to get the IpamIPAddress data having
the specified record identifier from IPAM data store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;FetchIpamIPAddress&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/FetchIpamIPAddress&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_FetchIpamIPAddress_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/FetchIpamIPAddressResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_FetchIpamIPAddress_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the
IIpamServer_FetchIpamIPAddress_InputMessage request message, the server
performs the following processing steps. Upon successful completion of the
steps specified below, the server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_FetchIpamIPAddress_OutputMessage message. In the event of a
failure, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP
fault</a> MUST be sent to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If the <b>FetchIpamIPAddress.addressFamily</b>
is InterNetwork, the rest of the processing is done with the IPv4-specific
tables. The <b>FetchIpamIPAddressResponse. FetchIpamIPAddressResult</b> will be
composed of a collection of <b>IpamIPv4Address</b>. Otherwise IPv6-specific
tables are used for further processing. The <b>FetchIpamIPAddressResponse.FetchIpamIPAddressResult</b>
will be composed of a collection of <b>IpamIPv6Address</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Initialize the <b>FetchIpamIPAddressResponse.FetchIpamIPAddressResult</b>
to an empty collection.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate that
the input <b>FetchIpamIPAddress.address</b> is usable, as follows. Otherwise an
appropriate SOAP fault MUST be returned.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>The <b>FetchIpamIPAddress.address</b> MUST a valid IPv4 or IPv6 address</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>The IPv4 address MUST NOT fall within the following subnets. This is
ascertained by checking the individual address octets of the IPv4 IP address:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>0/8 – First octet of the address MUST NOT be 0</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>127/8 – First octet of the address MUST NOT be 127</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>169.254/16 – First and second octet of the address MUST not be
169 and 254 respectively</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>255.255.255.255 – All octet of the address MUST not be 255</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>The IPv6 address MUST NOT be one of the following:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>::0</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>::1</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>IPv6 Link local address</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>IPv6 Site local address</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>IPv6 Multicast address</p>

</li></ul></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the
addressfamily of <b>FetchIpamIPAddress.address</b> is not equal to <b>FetchIpamIPAddress.addressFamily</b>,
an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows in ADM_IPAddressTable where IPAddress is same as <b>FetchIpamIPAddress.address</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each row
found above:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the <b>GetIPAddressFromTable</b> procedure of <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>
passing the <b>RecordId</b> value as <i>Param_id</i> input parameter and <b>FetchIpamIPAddress.addressFamily</b>
as the <i>Param_addressfamily</i> input parameter.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the <b>result</b> addresses is obtained, add it to the <b>FetchIpamIPAddressResponse.FetchIpamIPAddressResult</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>