<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.52.2.1 GetDnsConditionalForwarderFromTable</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure retrieves the
DnsConditionalForwarder (section <a href="076a05c2-06fd-43a3-83c2-f8c3d68747c8.md">2.2.4.177</a>) for the
specified record identifier. It uses the following input parameter.</p>

<p><b>Param_Id</b>: The <b>RecordId</b> of the DNS
conditional forwarder for which the DnsConditionalForwarder data is being
requested.</p>

<p>The following is the output parameter:</p>

<p><b>Result_conditionalForwarder</b>: The DnsConditionalForwarder
corresponding to the specified record identifier.</p>

<p>The following processing steps are performed.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up the <b>ADM_DNSConditionalForwarderTable</b>
for the row with the <b>RecordId</b> value equal to Param_Id.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Initialize
Result_conditionalForwarder to DnsConditionalForwarder and assign the following
values.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
Name to Result_conditionalForwarder.Name.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
<b>RecordId</b> to Result_conditionalForwarder.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
ServerRoleId to Result_conditionalForwarder.DnsServerId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Copy
the DnsConditionalForwarderDetails to Result_conditionalForwarder.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Call
GetAccessScopeForObjectIdAndType of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectId</i>
is set to Param_Id.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectType</i>
is set to IpamObjectType.DNSConditionalForwarder.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_accessScopeId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectInheritanceStatus</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_inheritanceId</i>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <i>Param_accessScopeId</i>
to Result_conditionalForwarder.AccessScopeId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <i>Param_objectInheritanceStatus</i>
to Result_conditionalForwarder.IsInheritedAccessScope.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Return Result_conditionalForwarder
as the output parameter of this procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>