<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.16.2.1 GetLogicalGroupFromTable</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can be used to retrieve an instance of
LogicalGroup for the specified <b>RecordId</b>. The following input parameters
are used in this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Param_Id: </b> The <b>RecordId</b> of the logical
group for which the LogicalGroup data is being requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_groupType: </b> This is the <b>LogicalGroupType</b>
that is required to be created.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressFamily: </b> This is of type AddressFamily
and it can be either InterNetwork or InterNetworkV6. The value InterNetwork is
used to specify the processing to be done on the IPv4-specific simple tables
for any compound table involved during the processing. The value InterNetworkV6
is used to specify the processing to be done on IPv6-specific simple tables for
any compound table involved during the processing.</p>

<p>The following is the output parameter of this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Result_logicalGroup</b>: This is of type
LogicalGroup specifying the data for the logical group with the requested <b>RecordId</b>.</p>

<p>The following are the steps involved.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up the <b>ADM_LogicalGroupsTable</b>
for the row with <b>RecordId</b> equal to <i>Param_Id</i>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>If <i>Param_groupType</i> is LogicalGroupType.Range, do the following:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If <i>Param_addressFamily</i> is InterNetwork, initialize
Result_logicalGroup to IPv4RangeLogicalGroup.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If <i>Param_addressFamily</i> is InterNetworkV6, initialize
Result_logicalGroup to IPv6RangeLogicalGroup.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>If <i>Param_groupType</i> is LogicalGroupType.IPAddress, do the
following</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If <i>Param_addressFamily</i> is InterNetwork, initialize
Result_logicalGroup to IpamIPv4AddressLogicalGroup.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If <i>Param_addressFamily</i> is InterNetworkV6, initialize
Result_logicalGroup to IpamIPv6AddressLogicalGroup.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>If <i>Param_groupType</i> is LogicalGroupType.ManagedServer, do the
following:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If <i>Param_addressFamily</i> is InterNetwork, initialize
Result_logicalGroup to ActiveServerV4LogicalGroup.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If Param_addressFamily is InterNetworkV6, initialize
Result_logicalGroup to ActiveServerV6LogicalGroup.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_groupType</i>
is LogicalGroupType.Subnet:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>If <i>Param_addressFamily</i> is InterNetwork, initialize
Result_logicalGroup to IPv4SubnetLogicalGroup.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If <i>Param_addressFamily</i> is InterNetworkV6, initialize
Result_logicalGroup to IPv6SubnetLogicalGroup.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the row is
found, initialize Result_logicalGroup with the following values:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <b>RecordId</b> to Result_logicalGroup.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Copy LogicalGroupDetails to Result_logicalGroup.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign Fields to Result_logicalGroup.Fields.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Return the
Result_logicalGroup as the output parameter for this procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>