<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.1.2.1 GetIPRangeFromTable</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can be used to retrieve the address range
information in either IPv4Range or IPv6Range form, based on whether it is being
invoked against the IPv4-specific table or IPv6-specific table respectively.</p>

<p>This procedure takes the following input parameters:</p>

<p><b>Param_id: </b> A 64-bit signed integer specifying
the record identifier of the IP address range for which the IPRange is being
requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> This is of type
AddressFamily and it can be either InterNetwork or InterNetworkV6. The value
InterNetwork specifies the processing to be done on the IPv4-specific simple
tables for any compound table involved during the processing. The value
InterNetworkV6 specifies the processing to be done on IPv6-specific simple
tables for any compound table involved during the processing.</p>

<p>This procedure returns the following value as output
parameter.</p>

<p><b>result: </b> This is of type IPRange. If <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is InterNetwork, this is IPv4Range, and if the addressfamily is InterNetworkV6,
this is IPv6Range.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<p>The following processing steps are performed against
the data store.</p>
</dd></dl>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Look-up the row in <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> with <b>RecordId</b> equal to
<i>Param_id</i>. If the row is not present, set result to NULL and return.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the addressfamily is InterNetwork, initialize result to IPv4Range.
The rest of the processing rules are performed on IPv4-specific tables of any
compound table referenced. If the addressfamily is InterNetworkV6, initialize
result to IPv6Range. The rest of the processing rules are performed on
IPv6-specific tables of any compound table referenced. </p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set the <i>Param_id</i> to <b>IPRange.RecordId</b> of the result.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Copy the RangeDetails of the row into result.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If <b>IPRange.ScopeRecordId</b> is not 0: </p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Call
GetScopeInformationForRange of <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b> with the following
parameters.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_range</i> is initialized with result.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Call GetCustomFieldValues
procedure of <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b> passing the following
parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_ObjectType</i> is set to EnumerationObjectType.IPRange.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i> is passed as-is.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i> is set to <i>Param_id</i>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Assign
Result_CustomFieldValueList to result.CustomFieldValues.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign
Result_CustomFieldPartialValueList to result.PartialCustomFieldValues.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call GetMultivaluedPropertiesForRange of <b>ADM_IPRangeMultivaluedPropertiesTable</b>
with <i>Param_rangeId</i> set to <i>Param_id</i>. Param_addressfamily is passed
as-is.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Process the output <i>Param_resultRangeMultiValuedProperties</i> to set
values for the following IPRange properties:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DNSServers</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>WINSServers (populated only if <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is
equal to AddressFamily.InterNetwork).</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Gateways</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>VIPs</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>VIPRanges</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DNSSuffixes</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ReservedIPs</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ReservedIPRanges</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call GetAccessScopeForObjectIdAndType of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectId</i> is set to <i>Param_id</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectType</i> is set to IpamObjectType.IPv4Range if
addressfamily is InterNetwork or IpamObjectType.IPv6Range if addressfamily is
InterNetworkV6.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_accessScopeId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectInheritanceStatus</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_inheritanceId</i>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <i>Param_accessScopeId</i> to result.AccessScopeId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <i>Param_objectInheritanceStatus</i> to
result.IsInheritedAccessScope</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call GetAddressSpaceById procedure of <b>ADM_AddressSpaceTable</b>
assigning AddressSpaceRecordId to <i>Param_AddressSpaceId</i>. Process the
output Result_AddressSpace from the procedure as mentioned below:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
Result_AddressSpace.AddressSpaceType is CustomerAddressSpace, then assign
Result_AddressSpace.Name to result.CustomerAddressSpaceName and assign
Result_AddressSpace.ProviderAddressSpaceName to
result.ProviderAddressSpaceName.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
Result_AddressSpace.AddressSpaceType is ProviderAddressSpace, then assign
Result_AddressSpace.Name to result.ProviderAddressSpaceName.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Return result as output of the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>