<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.5.2.1 AddOrUpdateReservation</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can be used to add or update a reservation
entry in the ADM_DHCPReservationTable. The following are the input parameters
to this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> The address family to
specify the table against which the reservation processing has to be performed.</p>

<p><b>Param_reservationId: </b> This is the <b>RecordId</b>
of the DHCP reservation to be modified. If this is not specified, a new
reservation row will be created.</p>

<p><b>Param_scopeId: </b> This is the <b>RecordId</b> of
the DHCP scope instance in ADM_DHCPScopesTable to which the reservation has to
be added.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressId: </b> This is the <b>RecordId</b>
of the IPAM IP address in ADM_IPAddressTable to which the reservation is
associated with.</p>

<p><b>Param_reservationDetails: </b> This specifies
ReservationDetails for the reservation being added or updated.</p>

<p>The procedure returns the following as the output parameter.</p>

<p><b>Result_reservationId</b>: The <b>RecordId</b> of
the DHCP reservation row if the row has been added.</p>

<p>The following are the processing steps involved:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Use the
Param_addressfamily to determine the simple table within <b>ADM_DHCPReservationTable</b>
compound table to perform the rest of the processing.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
Param_reservationId is not specified, a new row has to be added. Otherwise look
up the row with Param_reservationId as <b>RecordId</b>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Set ScopeRecordId of the row to Param_scopeId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set IPAddressRecordId of the row to Param_addressId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Copy Param_reservationDetails to ReservationDetails of the row.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Update/insert the row into the table.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the new row
has been added, assign <b>RecordId</b> to Result_reservationId. Otherwise
assign Param_reservationId to Result_reservationId.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>