<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.15.4.7 StartAsyncSchemaConversion</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is invoked by the client to trigger the start
of the schema conversion. This causes the session state to be set to <b>Conversion
Started</b>.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation msc:isInitiating=&quot;true&quot; msc:isTerminating=&quot;false&quot; name=&quot;StartAsyncSchemaConversion&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamAsyncSchemaConversion/StartAsyncSchemaConversion&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamAsyncSchemaConversion_StartAsyncSchemaConversion_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the IIpamAsyncSchemaConversion_StartAsyncSchemaConversion_InputMessage
request message, the server MUST invoke the NotifyAsyncProvisionStart
operation. The <b>session state</b> is set to <b>Conversion Started</b>.</p>

<p>The following are the processing steps involved. If a fault
needs to be returned back to the client, the
NotifyAsyncSchemaConversionComplete operation MUST be called with the fault
specified in NotifyAsyncSchemaConversionComplete.exception.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
ADM_IsSchemaConversionInProgress is set to TRUE, there is already a schema
conversion session currently in progress. The current request cannot be
processed. An appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP
fault</a> MUST be returned to the client.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Set
ADM_IsSchemaConversionInProgress to TRUE so that no other schema conversion
sessions become active.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Check if schema
conversion is required by checking ADM_IsSchemaConversionRequired. If it is
FALSE, the schema conversion has been triggered when it is not required. An
appropriate SOAP fault MUST be returned to the client.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Initiate the
database conversion schema in an implementation specific manner asynchronously.
Provide adequate checkpoint status to the client by invoking
NotifyAsyncSchemaConversionCheckpoint callback operation and set the <b>session
state</b> to <b>Conversion In Progress</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the schema
conversion completes successfully, </p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Return the success status by invoking
NotifyAsyncSchemaConversionComplete with
NotifyAsyncSchemaConversionComplete.exception set to null. </p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set <b>session state</b> to <b>Conversion Completed</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set ADM_IsSchemaConversionRequired to FALSE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set ADM_IsSchemaConversionInProgress to FALSE.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the schema
conversion has failed,</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Specify the fault with which the schema conversion completed by invoking
NotifyAsyncSchemaConversionComplete with NotifyAsyncSchemaConversionComplete.exception
set to the fault that occurred. </p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set <b>session state</b> to <b>Conversion Completed</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set ADM_IsSchemaConversionInProgress to FALSE.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>