<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.5.4.8.1.80 UnmappedIpamIPAddressForLogicalGroupEnumerationParameters</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This is the processing done when the EnumInputParameters
contains data of type UnmappedIpamIPAddressForLogicalGroupEnumerationParameters.
The <b>ObjectType</b> MUST be EnumerationObjectType.IPAddress. This is used to
enumerate the address instances belonging to address ranges that do not map to
the specified logical group. The UnmappedIpamIPAddressForLogicalGroupEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily
value is used to determine the simple table within the <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>
on which the processing is done. If the AddressFamily is InterNetwork, the
EnumOutputData is a collection of IpamIPv4Address. If it is InterNetworkV6, the
EnumOutputData is a collection of IpamIPv6Address. </p>

<p>The following processing steps involved in identifying the
rows to be returned as a part of the enumeration.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Call the
procedure GetUnmappedObjectIdsForLogicalGroup in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
passing the following parameters.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_logicalGroup</i> is set to LogicalGroup instance corresponding
to the
UnmappedIpamIPAddressForLogicalGroupEnumerationParameters.LogicalGroupRecordId
retrieved by calling the procedure GetLogicalGroupFromTable in <b>ADM_LogicalGroupsTable</b>.
This is done by passing the <i>Param_Id</i> to
UnmappedIpamIPAddressForLogicalGroupEnumerationParameters.LogicalGroupRecordId.
<i>Param_groupType</i> is set to LogicalGroupType.Range and <i>Param_addressFamily</i>
is set to UnmappedIpamIPAddressForLogicalGroupEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_objectType</i> is set to LogicalGroupType.Range.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_addressFamily</i> is set to
UnmappedIpamIPAddressForLogicalGroupEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>The previously
returned Result_ObjectIds comprises a list of address range instances. Get the
list of addresses mapping to these address ranges by enumerating the rows whose
RangeRecordId is the value of the range record identifier that is returned in
Result_ObjectIds. For each of the address instances, call the procedure
GetIPAddressFromTable in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> passing the address
instance’s record identifier as <i>Param_Id</i> and
UnmappedIpamIPAddressForLogicalGroupEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily as <i>Param_addressFamily</i>.
Add the returned result to EnumOutputData.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>