<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.5.4.8.1.66 IPRangeByManagedByAndManagedByEntityEnumerationParameters</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This is the processing done when the EnumInputParameters
contains data of type
IPRangeByManagedByAndManagedByEntityEnumerationParameters. The ObjectType MUST
be EnumerationObjectType.IPRange. This will return IPRange data that have the
specified values for the ManagedBy and ManagedByEntity built-in custom fields.
The IPRangeByManagedByAndManagedByEntityEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily is
used to determine the simple table within the IP address range compound table
on which the processing has to be done. If the AddressFamily is InterNetwork,
the EnumOutputData is a collection of IPv4Range and if it is InterNetworkV6,
the EnumOutputData is a collection of IPv6Range.</p>

<p>The following processing steps identify the rows to be
returned as a part of the enumeration.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Get all the rows
in the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each row:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Get IPRange for the row by calling the procedure GetIPRangeFromTable
passing the record identifier of the row as <i>Param_id</i> input field and the
IPRangeByManagedByAndManagedByEntityEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily as <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
input field. </p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the value of the custom field of the range returned earlier (as
result) with record identifier being <b>ADM_ManagedByCustomFieldId</b> is
IPRangeByManagedByAndManagedByEntityEnumerationParameters.ManagedByValue and
the value of the custom field of the range with record identifier
ManagedByEntityCustomFieldId is
IPRangeByManagedByAndManagedByEntityEnumerationParameters.ManagedByEntityValue,
and if IPRangeByManagedByAndManagedByEntityEnumerationParameters.AddressSpaceId
is not NULL, then IPRange.AddressSpaceRecordId is equal to
IPRangeByManagedByAndManagedByEntityEnumerationParameters.AddressSpaceId, and
add the result to EnumOutputData.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>