<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.1.2.2 GetOverlappingRanges</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can be used to query the list of existing
ranges in the table that overlap with the specified start IP address and end IP
address. </p>

<p>The following are the input parameters for this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Param_StartIPAddress</b>: This is an IPAddress (section <a href="364a63ef-be28-498d-a67d-ed3df88b545a.md">2.2.4.257</a>) wherein the IP
address is represented as an array of bytes specifying the starting IP address
of the range for which the potential overlapping ranges are listed.</p>

<p><b>Param_EndIPAddress</b>: This is an IPAddress
wherein the IP address is represented as an array of bytes specifying the
ending IP address of the range for which the potential overlapping ranges have
to be listed.</p>

<p><b>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId:</b> This is a 64-bit
signed integer that specifies the <b>RecordId</b> of the AddressSpace in which
the overlapping ranges need to be looked for<b>.</b></p>

<p><b>Param_ExclusionRanges</b>: This is a list of
DhcpExclusionRanges specifying the StartAddress and EndAddress of the subset of
addresses that have to be excluded from the address range specified by <b>Param_StartIPAddress</b>
and <b>Param_EndIPAddress</b>.</p>

<p><b>Param_RecordIdToExclude</b>: This is a 64-bit
unsigned integer that specifies the <b>RecordId</b> of the row that has to be
excluded while calculating the overlapping ranges. This is useful when the
overlapping ranges for an existing range is computed and the range (for which
the overlap is being computed) itself has to be excluded from the list of
address ranges.</p>

<p>The following are the output parameters for this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Result_OverlappingRows</b>: This is the set of rows that
are potential overlapping ranges with the input address range specified using the
<b>start IP address</b> and <b>end IP address</b>.</p>

<p>The processing steps are as follows:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>The address
family of the <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i> and <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>
determines the simple table against which the processing steps are done.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
list of rows that have either their StartIPAddress or EndIPAddress lying
between the specified <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i> and <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i><b>,</b>
and have the same AddressSpaceRecordId as <i>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</i>. If
the <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i> is specified, exclude the row if it is
present.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Compute the
ApplicableAddressRangesForGivenRange to be a collection of address ranges
(having a start IP address and an end IP address) that have the valid address
ranges obtained by removing the <i>Param_ExclusionRanges</i> from the address
range specified by <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i> and <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>.
For example, if the <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i> is 10.1.1.0 and <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>
is 10.1.1.255 and the exclusion ranges are 10.1.1.10-10.1.1.20 and
10.1.1.30-10.1.1.40, the ApplicableAddressRangesForGivenRange will be
(10.1.1.0-10.1.1.9, 10.1.1.21-10.1.1.29, 10.1.1.41-10.1.1.255). </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each row of
possible overlapping ranges that was computed above, perform the following
steps to determine whether a range forms a valid overlap.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>For the address range specified by StartIPAddress and EndIPAddress of
the range and having the exclusion ranges for the range specified using
ExclusionRanges field, compute the ApplicableAddressRanges for the row as it
was computed for the given range above in step 3. </p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the entries in ApplicableAddressRanges and
ApplicableAddressRangesForGivenRange have overlapping ranges (the start IP
address and end IP address of the two pairs of entries overlap), then the
address range is a valid overlap. Call the GetIPRangeFromTable with the Record
Identifier of the address range row as <i>Param_id</i> parameter and the <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
being the address family specific to the simple table being currently processed
(of the compound table) and add the returned result to the <b>Result_OverlappingRows</b>
collection.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Return the <b>Result_OverlappingRows</b>
collection.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>