<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.309 IPRangeDataFormatter</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The IPRangeDataFormatter complex type specifies the key
properties of an IP range, which will be formatted for display.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;IPRangeDataFormatter&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:IpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AddressSpaceName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;EndIP&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ManagedByService&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;NetworkId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;PrefixLength&quot; type=&quot;xsd:int&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServiceInstance&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;StartIP&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;VirtualizationType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:IPVirtualizationType&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;  
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>AddressSpaceName</b>: Specifies the address space
of the IP range instance.</p>

<p><b>StartIP:</b> Specifies the start IP address of the
IP range instance.</p>

<p><b>EndIP</b>: Specifies the end IP address of the IP
range instance.</p>

<p><b>ManagedByService</b>: Specifies the ManagedByValue
custom field of the IP range instance.</p>

<p><b>NetworkId</b>: Specifies the network Id of the IP
range instance.</p>

<p><b>PrefixLength</b>: Specifies the prefix length of
the IP range instance.</p>

<p><b>ServiceInstance:</b> Specifies the
ManagedByEntityValue custom field of the IP range instance.</p>

<p><b>VirtualizationType</b>: Specifies the
virtualization type of the IP range instance.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>