<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.1 UpdateDhcpServerDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the <b>IpamOperationWithProgressParameter</b>.<b>OperationId</b>
is AdminOperationId.EditDhcpServer. The <b>IpamOperationWithProgressParameter</b>
instance MUST be of type UpdateDhcpServerParameters. </p>

<p>This operation modifies the server-level properties of a
DHCP server instance. In the following processing steps, any time a fault is
generated, SetOverallStatus SHOULD be called with the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter is NULL or not of type
UpdateDhcpServerParameters, generate an appropriate SOAP fault as specified in
section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>. Put
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
UpdateDhcpServerParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate that
UpdateDhcpServerParameters.Server is not NULL. If it is NULL, an appropriate
SOAP fault MUST be generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>The
UpdateDhcpServerParameters.Server MUST be validated as per the processing rules
listed under ValidateDhcpServer. If the validation does not succeed, an
appropriate SOAP fault MUST be generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
UpdateDhcpServerParameters.Server is a DhcpServerV4 instance, addressfamily is
initialized to InterNetwork. Otherwise the addressfamily is initialized to
InterNetworkV6.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
UpdateDhcpServerParameters.Server.ModifiedProperties is empty, there are no
properties to update. No further processing is required.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Compute
dhcpServerExists to be a flag that indicates whether the DhcpServer information
is present in the <b>ADM_DHCPServersTable</b> by performing a lookup in the
table based on UpdateDhcpServerParameters.Server.RecordId. If the row is
present, dhcpServerExists is set to TRUE. Otherwise dhcpServerExists is set to
FALSE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
UpdateDhcpServerParameters.Server.ModifiedProperties contains
DnsNameProtectionStatus, DhcpDnsNotRequestingClientsUpdateType, DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus,
DnsUpdateType, or DnsDisableDynamicPtrUpdates (if it is a DhcpServerV4
instance), perform the following updates to the <b>ADM_DhcpServersTable</b>:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>If dhcpServerExists, update the row in <b>ADM_DhcpServersTable</b> for
the following fields. If dhcpServerExists is FALSE, insert a new row in <b>ADM_DhcpServersTable</b>
with the following fields:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Set
ServerRoleRecordId to UpdateDhcpServerParameters.Server.ServerRoleInfo.RecordId</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Set the
following values from UpdateDhcpServerParameters.Server to the row. Based on
whether the addressfamily is InterNetwork or InterNetworkV6, the appropriate
fields are selected for database update.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DnsUpdateType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DhcpDnsNotRequestingClientsUpdateType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>DnsNameProtectionStatus</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Assign the
record identifier of the newly inserted row to dhcpServer.RecordId for use with
subsequent processing.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If
UpdateDhcpServerParameters.Server.ModifiedProperties contains
AuditLoggingStatus, the audit log setting MUST be updated to the table.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Update the AuditLoggingStatus of the UpdateDhcpServerParameters.Server
into the table.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If
UpdateDhcpServerParameters.Server.ModifiedProperties contains
DnsRegistrationCredentialDomainName, DnsRegistrationCredentialUserName, or
DnsRegistrationCredentialPassword, the DNS credential user name has to be
updated to the table. This consists of the values for fields
DnsRegistrationCredentialDomainName and DnsRegistrationCredentialUserName.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
UpdateDhcpServerParameters.Server.ModifiedProperties contains PolicyActivationState,
the policy activation status has to be updated to the table. This consists of
the value for the field PolicyActivationStatus. Initialize the field with
UpdateDhcpServerParameters.Server.PolicyActivationState.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
UpdateDhcpServerParameters.Server.ModifiedProperties contains
AllowFilterEnabled or DenyFilterEnabled, the filter state has to be updated to
the table. This consists of the values for the fields AllowFilterState and
DenyFilterState. Initialize the fields with UpdateDhcpServerParameters.Server.AllowFilterEnabled
and UpdateDhcpServerParameters.Server.DenyFilterEnabled.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each entry in the
UserClasses.OperationTracker, the key specifies the operation to be performed
and value specifies the DhcpUserClass on which the operation is to be performed.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>If Key is CollectionOperations.Add, then add the DhcpUserClass to the
DhcpServer.UserClasses row in <b>ADM_DHCPServersTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If Key is CollectionOperations.Set, then update the DhcpUserClass to the
value already present in DhcpServer.UserClasses row in <b>ADM_DHCPServersTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the Key is CollectionOperations.Delete, then delete the DhcpUserClass
specified from the DhcpServer.UserClasses row.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>For each entry in the
VendorClasses.OperationTracker, the key specifies the operation to be performed
and value specifies the DhcpVendorClass on which the operation is to be
performed.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>If Key is CollectionOperations.Add, then add the DhcpVendorClass to the
DhcpServer.VendorClasses row in <b>ADM_DHCPServersTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If Key is CollectionOperations.Set, then update the DhcpVendorClass to
the value already present in the DhcpServer.VendorClasses row in <b>ADM_DHCPServersTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the Key is CollectionOperations.Delete, then delete the
DhcpVendorClass specified from the DhcpServer.VendorClasses row.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>For each entry in the OptionDefinitions.OperationTracker,
the key specifies the operation to be performed and value specifies the
DhcpOptionDefinition on which the operation is to be performed.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>If Key is CollectionOperations.Add, then add the DhcpOptionDefinition to
the DhcpServer.OptionDefinitions row in <b>ADM_DHCPServersTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If Key is CollectionOperations.Update, then update the
DhcpOptionDefinition to the value already present in the
DhcpServer.OptionDefinitions row in <b>ADM_DHCPServersTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the Key is CollectionOperations.Delete, then delete the
DhcpOptionDefinition specified from the DhcpServer.OptionDefinitions row.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>For each key value pair in <b>UpdateDhcpServerParameters.Server.Options.OperationTracker</b>,
perform the following operations:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>If the Key is CollectionOperations.Add or CollectionOperations.Set, add
or update the DhcpOption in Value portion of the key value pair into <b>ADM_DhcpOptionsTable</b>
as follows:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Delete the row
from <b>ADM_DhcpOptionsTable</b> that meets the following criteria (if it
already exists):</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ServerRecordId is dhcpServer.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ScopeRecordId is NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>OptionDefinitionRecordId is DhcpOption.OptionDefinition.RecordID.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>UserClassRecordId is DhcpOption.UserClass.RecordId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Insert a new row
into <b>ADM_DhcpOptionstable</b> with the following values:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ServerRecordId is dhcpServer.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ScopeRecordId is NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>OptionDefinitionRecordId is set to
DhcpOption.OptionDefinition.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>UserClassRecordId is set to the value of
DhcpOption.UserClass.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Values is assigned the value of DhcpOption.Values.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>OptionOwnerType is assigned the value of
DhcpOption.OptionOwnerType.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the Key is CollectionOperations.Delete, delete the DhcpOption from <b>ADM_DhcpOptionsTable</b>
by performing a lookup based on the following values:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ServerRecordId is dhcpServer.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ScopeRecordId is NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>OptionDefinitionRecordId is DhcpOption.OptionDefinition.RecordID.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>UserClassRecordId is DhcpOption.UserClass.RecordId.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Call SetOverallStatus with
Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>