<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.43.2.6 DeleteAssociationEntry</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure deletes an association entry appropriately
for the objects on which access scope associations can be done.</p>

<p>The following are the input parameters to this procedure:</p>

<p><b>Param_objectId: </b> This is a signed 64-bit
integer that specifies the <b>RecordId</b> of the corresponding object for
which the association entry needs to be deleted.</p>

<p><b>Param_objectType: </b> This is of type
IpamObjectType and identifies the object type of the entity for which the
association entry needs to be deleted.</p>

<p>There is no output parameter from this procedure.</p>

<p>The following processing steps are performed:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up all the
rows in the <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b> that have ObjectId as <i>Param_objectId</i>
and ObjectType as Param_objectType. If no row is found then return.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If a row is
found, perform the following steps:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Initialize a Collection&lt;Tuple&lt;long
ObjectId,IpamObjectType,ObjectType&gt;&gt; impactedChildObjects. The collection
SHOULD be empty.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetAccessScopeForObjectIdAndType with the following
parameter assignments:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectId</i> set to <i>Param_objectId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectType</i> set to <i>Param_objectType</i>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>After the return from the procedure, do the following:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Assign <i>Param_inheritanceId</i> to oldInheritanceId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Assign <i>Param_accessScopeId</i> to oldAccessScopeId.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Compute all the
Child Object Id and Object types that map to the current object under
processing. Call procedure GetChildrensForObject by passing <i>Param_objectId</i>
and <i>Param_objectType</i> as parameters. Process the result from the
procedure Result_childObjects. Assign Result_childObjects to
impactedChildObjects.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
impactedChildObjects collection is not empty, for each of the item
impactedChildObject in the collection impactedChildObjects, do the following
steps:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetAccessScopeForObjectIdAndType with the following
parameter assignments:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectId</i> set to impactedChildObject.ObjectId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectType</i> set to impactedChildObject.ObjectType.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>After the return from the procedure, validate the following:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_inheritanceId</i> is equal to oldInheritanceId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_accessScopeId</i> is equal to oldAccessScopeId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>If both the previous conditions are true, then call
UpdateAssociationEntry procedure with the following parameter assignments:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectId</i> set to impactedChildObject.ObjectId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_objectType</i> set to impactedChildObject.ObjectType.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_inheritanceId</i> set to AssociationId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_accessScopeId</i> set to AccessScopeId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_isInheriting</i> set to TRUE.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Delete the
association entry row and return.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>