<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.5.4.8.1.39 IpamIPAddressAllForLogicalGroupNodeEnumerationParameters</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This is the processing done when the EnumInputParameters
contains data of type IpamIPAddressAllForLogicalGroupNodeEnumerationParameters.
The ObjectType MUST be EnumerationObjectType.IPAddress. This is used to
enumerate addresses mapped to a certain logical group node given by <b>IpamIPAddressAllForLogicalGroupNodeEnumerationParameters.</b>
<b>LogicalGroupNode</b>. The
IpamIPAddressAllForLogicalGroupNodeEnumerationParameters.addressfamily is used
to determine the simple table within the <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> on which the
processing has to be done. If the AddressFamily is InterNetwork, the
EnumOutputData will be a collection of IpamIPv4Address and if it is
InterNetworkV6, the EnumOutputData will be a collection of IpamIPv6Address.</p>

<p>The following are the steps involved in identifying the rows
to be returned as a part of the enumeration.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If the <b>IpamIPAddressAllForLogicalGroupNodeEnumerationParameters.LogicalGroupType</b>
is not equal to LogicalGroupType.Range, generate an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Store the
logical group node <b>IpamIPAddressAllForLogicalGroupNodeEnumerationParameters.LogicalGroupNode</b>
as <b>specifiedNode</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call the procedure
GetObjectIdsForLogicalGroupNode in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_logicalGroupNode</i>
is assigned the value of specifiedNode.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_objectType</i>
is assigned the value of EnumerationObjectType.IPRange.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is assigned the value of
IpamIPAddressAllForLogicalGroupNodeEnumerationParameters.addressfamily.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>For each
objectId in the list Result_objectIds returned from the previous procedure
call:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Enumerate the rows in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> wherein RangeRecordId is
equal to objectId.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>For each of the
previously enumerated rows, call the procedure GetIPAddressFromTable in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>
passing the <b>RecordId</b> of the row as <i>Param_Id</i> and <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
as parameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Add the returned
result to EnumOutputData.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>