<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.5.4.8.1.20 DhcpScopeForIpBlockEnumerationParameters</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This is the processing done when the EnumInputParameters contains
data of type DhcpScopeForIpBlockEnumerationParameters. The ObjectType MUST be
EnumerationObjectType.DhcpScope. This is used to enumerate all the DHCP scopes
that are mapped to a particular IP address block specified as parameter using
DhcpScopeForIpBlockEnumerationParameters. ParentIPBlockRecordId. The
DhcpScopeForIpBlockEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily is used to determine the
simple table within the ADM_DHCPScopesTable compound table on which the
processing has to be done. The following are the steps involved in identifying
the rows to be returned as a part of the enumeration.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Get the IP
address block for which the scopes are being requested by calling the procedure
GetIPBlockFromTable of ADM_IPBlocksTable passing the following as input
parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Param_blockId
is set to DhcpScopeForIpBlockEnumerationParameters.ParentIPBlockRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Param_addressFamily
is set to DhcpScopeForIpBlockEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
ranges in the ADM_IPRangeTable that meet the following criteria:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>StartIPAddress
&gt;= <b>result</b>.StartIPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>EndIPAddress
&lt;= <b>result</b>.EndIPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>PrefixLength
&gt;= <b>result</b>.PrefixLength.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>ParentIPBlockRecordId
is not null.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>AddressAssignment
is Dynamic.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>For each of the
previously enumerated rows, perform the following steps to get the associated
scopes:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetScopeFromTable in ADM_DHCPScopesTable with the
following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Param_Id is set to the value of ScopeRecordId of the row
enumerated.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Param_addressfamily is assigned the value of
DhcpScopeForIpBlockEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Add the returned Result_scope to <b>EnumOutputData</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>