<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.199 DnsResourceRecordDataSoa</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The DnsResourceRecordDataSoa complex type SHOULD<a id="Appendix_A_Target_34"></a><a href="3b257e05-6300-4286-a090-0f9949d290bf.md#Appendix_A_34" aria-label="Product behavior note 34">&lt;34&gt;</a> extend the
DnsResourceRecordData. It specifies the details associated with a DNS resource
record of type SOA.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;DnsResourceRecordDataSoa&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:DnsResourceRecordData&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ExpireLimit&quot; type=&quot;ser:duration&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;MinimumTtl&quot; type=&quot;ser:duration&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;PrimaryServer&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RefreshInterval&quot; type=&quot;ser:duration&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ResponsiblePerson&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RetryDelay&quot; type=&quot;ser:duration&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SerialNumber&quot; type=&quot;xsd:unsignedInt&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>ExpireLimit: </b> Specifies how long after the
previous zone transfer the secondary server for the zone continues to respond
to queries for the zone before discarding its own zone as invalid.</p>

<p><b>MinimumTtl: </b> Specifies the TTL that applies to
all the resource records in the zone whenever a time-to-live value is not
specified in a resource record.</p>

<p><b>PrimaryServer: </b> Specifies the primary DNS
server authoritative for the zone.</p>

<p><b>RefreshInterval: </b> Specifies how often the
secondary server for the zone checks to see whether the zone has been changed.</p>

<p><b>ResponsiblePerson: </b> Specifies the email
address of the administrator responsible for the zone.</p>

<p><b>RetryDelay: </b> Specifies how long after sending
a zone transfer request the secondary server for the zone waits for a response
from the master server before retrying.</p>

<p><b>SerialNumber: </b> Specifies how many times the
zone has been updated.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>