<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.39 UpdateDnsResourceRecordDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.UpdateDnsResourceRecord. The
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter instance in this case MUST be of type
UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters. </p>

<p>This operation is used to update a DNS resource record. In
the following steps, at any time a fault is generated, SetOverallStatus
(section <a href="8b90a93e-60bc-4882-9925-613181d931f9.md">3.19.4.8</a>)
SHOULD be called with the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter is NULL or not of type
UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters, generate an appropriate SOAP fault as
specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.
Project IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters is NULL,
UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ResourceRecord is NULL,
UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ServerZoneId is 0, or UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ZoneType
equals ZoneLookupType.None, generate an appropriate SOAP fault.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ResourceRecord using the processing rules
listed in ValidateDnsResourceRecord (as specified in section <a href="bcb041db-b2f8-4e2e-9f5e-7592cae577d1.md">3.1.4.24</a>) by passing
UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ResourceRecord as Param_dnsResourceRecord. If
any of the processing rules are not met, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be
returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call the
procedure GetDnsResourceRecordByRecordId of <b>ADM_ DNSResourceRecordTable</b>
table with <i>UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ResourceRecord.recordId</i> as
the parameter and store the output in oldRecord variable. If oldrecord is NULL,
generate an appropriate SOAP fault. Otherwise, replace the following fields of
oldRecord:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Set RecordName to UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ResourceRecord.Name.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set RecordClass to
UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ResourceRecord.RecordClass.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set RecordTTL as UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ResourceRecord.TTL.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Set RecordTimestamp as
UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ResourceRecord.TimeStamp.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the RecordType is not equal to A, AAAA, or PTR, set RecordData to
UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ResourceRecords.RecordData. </p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the RecordType is NS, set RecordHostName as RecordData.NameServer. If
the RecordType is CNAME, set RecordHostName as RecordData.HostName. If
recordType is MX, set RecordHostName as RecordData.MailServer. If recordType is
SRV, set RecordHostName as RecordData.ServerName. If RecordType is AFSDB, set
RecordHostName as RecordData.ServerName. If resourceType is RP, set
RecordHostName as RecordData.ResponsiblePerson. If RecordType is RT, set
RecordHostName as RecordData.IntermediateHost.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the RecordType is not equal to A, AAAA or PTR, set RecordFQDN as
RecordHostName + &quot;.&quot; +
CreateDnsResourceRecordsParameters.ResourceRecords.ZoneName.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the RecordType is equal to A and <b>Address</b> field of the resource
record has changed, iterate through rows in <b>ADM_DNSResourceRecordTable</b>
and find a record with RecordType as PTR and IPAddress as
UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ResourceRecord.Address, set IPv4AddressId to
the IPv4AddressId of the PTR record. If no such record exists in the table, set
IPv4AddressId to NULL. Set IPAddress as
UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ResourceRecord.Address.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the RecordType is equal to AAAA and the <b>Address</b> field of the
resource record has changed, iterate through rows in <b>ADM_DNSResourceRecordTable</b>
and find a record with RecordType as PTR and IPAddress as
UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ResourceRecord.Address. Set IPv6AddressId to
the IPv6AddressId of the PTR record. If no such record exists in the table, set
IPv6AddressId to NULL. Set IPAddress as
UpdateDnsResourceRecordParameters.ResourceRecord.Address.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Insert oldRecord back into the <b>ADM_DnsResourceRecordTable</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Call
SetOverallStatus with Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>