<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.332 LogicalGroup</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The LogicalGroup complex type specifies the definition of a <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_a0ebb16b-99de-4d7f-82f0-b08524eaa1dc">logical group</a>.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;LogicalGroup&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;BuiltInLogicalGroupNumber&quot; type=&quot;ipam:BuiltInLogicalGroup&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Fields&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfLogicalGroupField&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Name&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Origin&quot; type=&quot;ipam:LogicalGroupOrigin&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Users&quot; type=&quot;ipam:LogicalGroupUsers&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>BuiltInLogicalGroupNumber: </b> If the logical
group is a <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_35473460-bd53-4966-9c5b-d9b5a0081581">built-in logical
group</a>, this specifies a unique identifier for the built-in logical group.</p>

<p><b>Fields: </b> This specifies the array of
LogicalGroupField specifying the multivalued custom fields whose values form
the various levels of the logical group hierarchy.</p>

<p><b>Name: </b> This specifies the name of the logical
group. This MUST NOT be NULL and MUST have a length of at least 2 characters
and no more than 50 characters.</p>

<p><b>Origin: </b> This specifies the origin of the
logical group – whether it was a built-in logical group or user-defined logical
group.</p>

<p><b>RecordId: </b> This specifies a unique identifier
for the data in the IPAM data store.</p>

<p><b>Users: </b> This specifies functional areas to
which the specific logical group is applicable. It can be used for either <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_f710d724-5feb-459f-bb01-4d89154f8508">address space management</a> or
active server management.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>