<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.123 RemapRange</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is used to specifically map a particular
range from a list of possible overlapping ranges to an address block.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;RemapRange&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/RemapRange&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_RemapRange_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/RemapRangeResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_RemapRange_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the IIpamServer_RemapRange_InputMessage
request message, the server performs the following processing steps. Upon
successful completion of these steps, the server MUST respond with
IIpamServer_RemapRange_OutputMessage. In the event of a failure, an appropriate
<a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a> MUST be sent
to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Get the IPRange
corresponding to the RemapRange.rangeRecordId by calling the
GetIPRangeFromTable procedure of the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> passing the
RemapRange.rangeRecordId as <i>Param_id</i> input parameter and
RemapRange.addressFamily as the <i>Param_addressfamily</i> input parameter.
Store the result output parameter as <i>rangeToRemap</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the <b>rangeToRemap</b>
is NULL, return an appropriate SOAP fault to the client.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the <b>rangeToRemap.IPBlockId</b>
is already set, the <b>rangeToRemap</b> is already mapped to an address block
and no further processing is required.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Get the IP
address block that maps to this range by calling the GetParentBlockIdForRange
procedure of <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b> with the following input parameters.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>
is assigned the value of rangeToRemap.StartIPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>
is assigned the value of rangeToRemap.EndIPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_PrefixLength</i>
is assigned the value of rangeToRemap.PrefixLength</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>
is set to 0.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>The <b>Result_MappingBlockRecordId</b>
returned by the above procedure is stored as ParentIPBlockId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
ParentIPBlockId is 0, there are no valid blocks to remap the range to. Return
an appropriate SOAP fault to the client.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Get the list of
overlapping ranges for the <b>rangeToRemap</b> by calling the
GetOverlappingRanges procedure of the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> with the
following input parameters.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_StartIPAddress
</i>is assigned the value of rangeToRemap.StartIPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>
is assigned the value of rangeToRemap.EndIPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ExclusionRanges</i>
is assigned the value of rangeToRemap.ExclusionRanges.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>
is assigned the value of rangeToRemap.RecordId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Result_OverlappingRows
returned by the preceding steps is stored in PossibleOverlappingRanges.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each row in
the PossibleOverlappingRanges, set the IPBlockId to 0 and update the rows in the
<b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Set the
rangeToRemap.IPBlockId to ParentIPBlockId and update the row in the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>