<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.36 SaveIpamIPAddressDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.CreateIpamIpAddress. The IpamOperationWithProgressParameter
instance in this case MUST be of type CreateIpamIpAddressParameters. </p>

<p>This operation is used to save an IP address. In the
following steps, any time a fault is generated, the SetOverallStatus SHOULD be
called with the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter is NULL or not of type
CreateIpamIpAddressParameters, generate an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a> (as specified in
section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>).
Project IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
CreateIpamIpAddressParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
CreateIpamIpAddressParameters.Address is NULL, generate an appropriate SOAP
fault (as specified in section 2.2.2.1).</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Set
currentIpamIPAddress variable as CreateIpamIpAddressParameters.Address.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>The
addressfamily is set to InterNetwork if the currentIpamIPAddress is
IpamIPv4Address and InterNetworkV6 if the currentIpamIPAddress is
IpamIPv6Address. If the addressfamily is InterNetwork, the rest of the
processing is done with the IPv4-specific tables. Otherwise IPv6-specific
tables are used for further processing.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
currentIpamIPAddress using the processing rules listed under
ValidateIpamIPAddress, passing currentIpamIPAddress as Param_address. If any of
the processing rules are not met, an appropriate SOAP fault (section 2.2.2.1)
MUST be returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If adding
currentIpamIPAddress leads to any invalid duplicate addresses in the IPAM data
store, an appropriate SOAP fault (section 2.2.2.1) MUST be returned. Validation
of invalid duplicate address is done as follows:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Enumerate all rows in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> where IPAddress value is
same as currentIpamIPAddress.IPAddress. For each row: </p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Calculate the ManagedBy value to be the custom field value whose
custom field identifier is the same value as <b>ADM_ManagedByCustomFieldId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Calculate the ManagedByEntity value to be the custom field value
whose custom field identifier is the same as the <b>ADM_ManagedByEntityCustomFieldId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If the ManagedBy and ManagedByEntity values of the row are the
same as currentIpamIPAddress.ManagedByValue and currentIpamIPAddress.ManagedByEntityValue,
respectively, the newly added address is an invalid duplicate address.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Find out whether
currentIpamIPAddress maps to any existing range by checking the following
conditions against the IPRange objects in the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>. If all
of the following conditions are met for an IPRange, set the
ParentIPRangeRecordId of currentIpamIPAddress to record identifier of the
IPRange, otherwise set it to NULL.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>currentIpamIPAddress.IPAddress
is greater than or equal to StartIPAddress of IPRange.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>currentIpamIPAddress.IPAddress
is greater than or equal to EndIPAddress of IPRange.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>currentIpamIPAddress.ManagedByValue
is equal to ManagedByValue of IPRange.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>currentIpamIPAddress.ManagedByEntityValue
is equal to ManagedByEntityValue of IPRange.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Find out whether
currentIpamIPAddress has any duplicate addresses in the existing IpamIPAddress
objects in the <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>. Enumerate all rows in the table whose
IPAddress value is the same as currentIpamIPAddress.IPAddress. If one or more
rows are enumerated, update the IsDuplicate field of all these rows as TRUE.
Also set the IsDuplicate value of currentIpamIPAddress to 1.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Add
currentIpamIPAddress to <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> and set the
currentIpamIPAddress.RecordId to the value of <b>RecordId</b>. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If CreateIpamIpAddressParameters.CreateDhcpReservation
is TRUE and currentIpamIPAddress.DhcpScopeId is specified:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure AddOrUpdateReservation in <b>ADM_DHCPReservationTable</b>
with the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i> is set to addressfamily.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If currentIpamIPAddress.ReservationId is specified, set <i>Param_reservationId</i>
to the value.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_scopeId</i> is set to currentIpamIPAddress.DhcpScopeId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_addressId</i> is set to currentIpamIPAddress.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Copy ReservationDetails from currentIpamIPAddress to <i>Param_reservationDetails</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If the reservation detail is being added, assign
Result_reservationId to currentipamIPAddress.ReservationId and store it in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If
CreateIpamIpAddressParameters.CreateDnsRecord is TRUE, call the procedure
AddOrUpdateAddressDNSForwardLookupTable in <b>ADM_AddressDNSForwardLookupTable</b>
with the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is set to addressfamily.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressId</i>
is set to currentIpamIPAddress.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_dnsZoneId</i>
is set to the value of currentIpamIPAddress.DnsZoneId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_serverDnsZoneId</i>
is set to the value of currentIpamIPAddress.DnsForwardLookupZoneDnsServerId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
currentIpamIPAddress.DnsForwardLookupZoneRecordId is specified, assign it to <i>Param_recordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>On
return, assign Result_recordId to
currentIpamIPAddress.DnsForwardLookupZoneRecordId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If
CreateIpamIpAddressParameters.CreateDnsRecord is TRUE, call the procedure
AddOrUpdateAddressDNSReverseLookup in <b>ADM_AddressDNSReverseLookupTable</b>
with the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is set to addressfamily.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressId</i>
is set to currentIpamIPAddress.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_dnsZoneId</i>
is set to the value of currentIpamIPAddress.DnsReverseLookupZoneId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_serverDnsZoneId</i>
is set to the value of currentIpamIPAddress.DnsReverseLookupZoneDnsServerId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
currentIpamIPAddress.DnsReverseLookupZoneRecordId is specified, assign it to <i>Param_recordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>On
return, assign Result_recordId to currentIpamIPAddress.DnsReverseLookupZoneRecordId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
currentIpamIPAddress.CustomFieldValues by performing the processing rules
listed under the section ValidateCustomField. If the custom field values are
valid, call the SetCustomFieldValues procedure of <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
with the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i>
is assigned the value of currentIpamIPAddress.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ObjectType</i>
is set to EnumerationObjectType.IPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressFamily</i>
is set to the value of addressfamily.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_CustomFieldValuesCollection</i>
is set to the value of currentIpamIPAddress.CustomFieldValues.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If the <b>ADM_CommonProperties.ExpiryAlertThreshold</b>
is not 0, and if currentIpamIPAddress.ExpiryDate is set, then set
currentIpamIPAddress.InWarningPeriod to TRUE if the following conditions are
satisfied. Otherwise InWarningPeriod is set to FALSE.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Current
date and time is less than currentIpamIPAddress.ExpiryDate. </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Current
date and time plus <b>ADM_CommonProperties.ExpiryAlertThreshold</b> is greater
than currentIpamIPAddress.ExpiryDate.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If current date and time is
greater than currentIpamIPAddress.ExpiryDate, set
currentIpamIPAddress.IsExpired to TRUE. Otherwise
currentIpamIPAddress.IsExpired is set to FALSE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call SetOverallStatus with
Success and 100% completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>