<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.389 ServerRole</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The ServerRole complex type specifies the common access
status information pertaining to the individual server roles.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;ServerRole&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AuditFileAccessStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ServerRoleAuditFileAccess&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;EventViewerAccessStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ServerRoleEventViewerAccess&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;LastRefreshTime&quot; type=&quot;xsd:dateTime&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ParentServer&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ServerInfo&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RpcAccessStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ServerRoleRpcAccess&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServerRoleFlag&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ServerRoleType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServerRoleInclusionStatus&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServiceStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ServiceRunningStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ServiceStatusModifiedTime&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:dateTime&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>AuditFileAccessStatus</b>: This is applicable only
for ServerRoleType.Dhcp. This specifies the access status of the audit log
files from the DHCP server instance by the IPAM server. For instances with
other ServerRoleType values, this MUST be set to
ServerRoleAuditFileAccessStatus.NotApplicable.</p>

<p><b>EventViewerAccessStatus</b>: This is applicable
for all the server roles (DHCP, DNS, NPS, and DC). This specifies the status of
the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_bb3fad7e-60bf-46d4-9c3f-7caea47a743e">event log</a> access to
these server role instances by the IPAM server.</p>

<p><b>LastRefreshTime</b>: This specifies the time at
which the access statuses were last updated.</p>

<p><b>ParentServer</b>: This specifies the ServerInfo
instance to which the role is associated with.</p>

<p><b>RecordId</b>: This is a unique identifier for the
data in the IPAM data store.</p>

<p><b>RpcAccessStatus</b>: This is applicable only for
server role instances with ServerRoleType DHCP or DNS. This specifies the
access status of the RPC endpoint specific to the server role.</p>

<p><b>ServerRoleFlag</b>: This identifies the type of
server role the instance represents.</p>

<p><b>ServerRoleInclusionStatus</b>: This specifies
whether the role instance on the server instance is enabled for management or
not.</p>

<p><b>ServiceStatus</b>: This is applicable for server
role instances with ServerRoleType of DHCP or DNS. This specifies the status of
the services for the roles.</p>

<p><b>ServiceStatusModifiedTime</b>: The time at which
the ServiceStatus was last modified.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>