<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.47 FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntity</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is used to retrieve the IpamIPAddress given
the specified IP address and the values for the ManagedBy and ManagedByEntity <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_919531d5-10dd-47b6-aacc-7195c0294372">built-in custom field</a>
values.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntity&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntity&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntity_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntityResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntity_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the
IIpamServer_FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntity_InputMessage
request message, the server performs the following processing steps. Upon
successful completion of the steps specified below, the server MUST respond
with the IIpamServer_FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntity_OutputMessage
message. In the event of a failure, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a> MUST be sent to
the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If the <b>FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntity.addressFamily</b>
is InterNetwork, the rest of the processing is done with the IPv4-specific
tables. The <b>FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntityResponse.
FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntityResult</b> will consist of an <b>IpamIPv4Address</b>.
Otherwise IPv6-specific tables are used for further processing. The <b>FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntityResponse.
FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntityResult</b> will consist of an <b>IpamIPv6Address</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
addressfamily of <b>FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntity.address</b>
is NULL, or <b>FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntity.managedBy</b> is
NULL, or <b>FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntity.managedByEntity</b>
is NULL, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
input <b>FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntity.address</b> is usable,
as follows. Else, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be sent as specified in
section 2.2.2.1.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>The address MUST be a valid IPv4 or Ipv6 address.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>The Ipv4 address MUST NOT fall within the following subnets. This is
ascertained by checking the individual address octets of the Ipv4 IP address.
These are specialized address blocks – see <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=234172">[RFC3330]</a> for details
about the same.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>0/8 – First octet of the address MUST not be 0</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>127/8 – First octet of the address MUST not be 127</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>169.254/16 – First and second octet of the address MUST not be 169
and 254 respectively</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>255.255.255.255 – All octet of the address MUST not be 255</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>The Ipv6 address MUST NOT be one of the following. For details on these
special address types, see <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90427">[RFC3513]</a>.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>::0</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>::1</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Ipv6 Link local address</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Ipv6 Site local address</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Ipv6 Multicast address</p>

</li></ul></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows in IP address table where IPAddress is same as <b>FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntity.address</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each row: </p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Calculate the ManagedBy value to be the custom field value whose custom
field identifier is the same value as <b>ADM_ManagedByCustomFieldId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Calculate the ManagedByEntity value to be the custom field value whose
custom field identifier is the same as the <b>ADM_ManagedByEntityCustomFieldId</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the <b>FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntity.managedBy</b>
is the same as the ManagedBy computed above and <b>FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntity.managedByEntity</b>
is the same as the ManagedByValue computed above, the row has to be added to <b>FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntityResponse.
FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntityResult</b>.  This is done by
calling the procedure GetIPAddressFromTable passing <b>RecordId</b> of the row
as the <i>Param_id</i> input parameter and <b>FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntity.addressFamily</b>
as <i>Param_addressfamily</i> parameters. The <b>result</b> returned is added
to <b>FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntityResponse.
FetchIpamIPAddressByManagedByAndManagedByEntityResult</b>. </p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>