<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.127 SaveBlock</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation creates a new address block in the IPAM data
store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;SaveBlock&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/SaveBlock&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_SaveBlock_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/SaveBlockResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_SaveBlock_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the IIpamServer_SaveBlock_InputMessage
request message, the server performs the following processing steps. Upon
successful completion of these steps, the server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_SaveBlock_OutputMessage. In the event of a failure, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a> MUST be sent to
the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If the
SaveBlock.ipBlock is IPv4Block, the address family for the simple table
selection within <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b> is InterNetwork. If it is IPv6Block,
the address family InterNetworkV6 is used for the table selection.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
IPBlock in SaveBlock.ipBlock by invoking ValidateIPBlock passing the SaveBlock.ipBlock
as <i>Param_IPBlock</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If all
validation requirements are not met, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be
generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call the
GetIPBlockParentAndChildDepth procedure of <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b> by passing
the StartIPAddress as <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>, EndIPAddress as <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>
and <b>RecordId</b> as <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>. If the result is greater
than or equal to 9, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call
GetOverlappingBlocks procedure of <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b> by passing
StartIPAddress as <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>, EndIPAddress as <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>,
<b>RecordId</b> as <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i> and PrefixLength as <i>Param_PrefixLength</i>.
If the Result_OverlappingBlocks is a nonempty list, an appropriate SOAP fault
MUST be generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Add the new row
into the <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b> by using the values from SaveBlock.ipBlock.
Assign the <b>RecordId</b> of the new row added to
SaveBlockResponse.SaveBlockResult.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call the
procedure CalculateParentForIPBlock in <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b> by passing the
StartIPAddress as <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>, EndIPAddress as <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>,
<b>RecordId</b> as <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>, AddressCategory as <i>Param_AddressCategory</i>
and PrefixLength as <i>Param_PrefixLength</i>. Assign the result to
IPBlock.ParentIPBlockRecordId and update the row in <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Add the new row
into the <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b> by using the values from <b>SaveBlock.ipBlock</b>.
Assign the <b>RecordId</b> of the new row added to <b>SaveBlockResponse.SaveBlockResult</b>.
Insert a row in <b>ADM_IPBlockMultivaluedPropertiesTable</b> with corresponding
values from <b>SaveBlock.ipBlock</b>. The applicable properties are described
in <b>ADM_IPBlockMultivaluedPropertiesTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call the
procedure AdjustChildIPBlocks by passing the StartIPAddress as <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>,
EndIPAddress as <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>, <b>RecordId</b> as <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>,
AddressCategory as <i>Param_AddressCategory</i> and PrefixLength as <i>Param_PrefixLength</i>
to calculate the existing blocks which might get mapped into the block being
modified.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
SaveBlock.block.CustomFieldValues by performing the processing rules listed in
ValidateCustomFieldValues. If the CustomFieldValues are valid, call the
procedure SetCustomFieldValues in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
by passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ObjectType</i>
is set to EnumerationObjectType.IPBlock.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressFamily</i>
is set to InterNetwork if the SaveBlock.ipBlock is IPv4Block. It is set to
InterNetworkV6 if the SaveBlock.ipBlock is IPv6Block.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i>
is assigned the value of SaveBlockResponse.SaveBlockResult.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_CustomFieldValuesCollection</i>
is assigned the value of SaveBlock.ipBlock.CustomFieldValues.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Call CreateAssociationEntry
procedure of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b> to add access scopes for
the new Block. Pass the following parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_ObjectType</i> is set to EnumerationObjectType.IPBlock.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_ObjectId</i> is assigned the value of
SaveBlock.ipBlock.RecordId.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>