<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.17.2.4 GetOptionDefinitionFromServer</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can be used to retrieve a specific
DhcpOptionDefinition in the form of either DhcpOptionDefinitionV4 or
DhcpOptionDefinitionV6, based on whether the procedure is invoked against the
IPv4-specific or IPv6-specific table, respectively. </p>

<p>It takes the following as input parameters.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily</b>: This is of type
AddressFamily and it can be either InterNetwork or InterNetworkV6. The value
InterNetwork is used to specify the processing to be done on the IPv4-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing. The value
InterNetworkV6 is used to specify the processing to be done on IPv6-specific simple
tables for any compound table involved during the processing.</p>

<p><b>Param_serverRecordId</b>: The record identifier of
the DHCP Server instance from which the vendor class information is to be
retrieved.</p>

<p><b>Param_optionDefinitionId</b>: The record
identifier of the option definition instance that is being requested.</p>

<p>The following is the output of this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Result_optionDefinition</b>: This will be of type
DhcpOptionDefinitionV4 if the Param_addressfamily is InterNetwork. Otherwise,
if the <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetworkV6, this will be of type
DhcpOptionDefinitionV6.</p>

<p>The following are the processing steps involved.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up the
server entry in <b>ADM_DHCPServersTable</b> having <b>RecordId</b> equal to <i>Param_serverRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the entry is
not found, set Result_optionDefinition to NULL and return.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Look up the
OptionDefinitions of the server row for the user class with <b>RecordId</b>
value being <i>Param_optionDefinitionId</i>. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the entry is
not found, set Result_optionDefinition to NULL and return.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is InterNetwork, initialize Result_optionDefinition to DhcpOptionDefinitionV4.
If <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetworkV6, initialize
Result_optionDefinition to DhcpOptionDefinitionV6.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Copy the option
definition details to Result_optionDefinition.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If VendorClassRecordId
is also set, call the procedure GetVendorClassFromServer passing the following
parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i></p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>VendorClassRecordId
as <i>Param_vendorClassRecordId</i></p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_serverRecordId</i></p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Set
Result_vendorClass received to Result_optionDefinition.VendorClass.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_optionDefinition as the output parameter of the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>