<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.25.2.2 SearchIPAddressAuditByMacAddress</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can be used to search the <b>ADM_IPAddressAuditTable</b>
based on the specified search condition. The following are the input parameters
for this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Param_MacAddress: </b> The MAC address of the
device for which the audit information is being requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_StartDate: </b> The start date of the events
pertaining to the specified MAC address being requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_EndDate: </b> The end date for the events
pertaining to the specified MAC address being requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_correlateUserLogon: </b> A Boolean flag
indicating whether the MAC address specified has to be correlated to user
logon/logoff event information that might be in the table.</p>

<p>The following is the output parameter for this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Result_searchResult: </b> This is a collection of
IPAuditRecord having the result for the specified search criteria.</p>

<p>The following steps are involved:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows in the table that meet the following criteria:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>TimeOfEvent
&gt;= <i>Param_StartDate</i></p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>TimeOfEvent
&lt;= <i>Param_EndDate</i></p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>ClientId
= <i>Param_MacAddress</i></p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>For each of the
row enumerated above,</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Create an instance of IPAuditRecord, copy the row details to it and add
it to Result_searchResult.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If <i>Param_correlateUserLogon</i> flag is set, perform any additional
correlation to the map the MAC address to the IP addresses and from IP
addresses to the user logon/logoff event which might have occurred during the
time period in an implementation specific manner.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each of the rows which have been obtained based on correlation,
create the IPAuditRecord, copy the row details to it and add it to
Result_searchResult.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_searchResult as the output parameter.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>