<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.44 DeleteDnsZonesDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.DeleteDnsZones. The IpamOperationWithProgressParameter
instance in this case MUST be of type DeleteDnsZonesParameters. </p>

<p>This operation is used to delete DNS zones. The following
are the steps involved. In these steps, at any time a fault is generated, the
SetOverallStatus SHOULD be called with the fault details. </p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter is NULL or not of type
DeleteDnsZonesParameters, generate an appropriate SOAP fault (as specified in
section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>).
Project IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
DeleteDnsZonesParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
DeleteDnsZonesParameters is NULL or DeleteDnsZonesParameters.ServerZoneIds is
NULL or DeleteDnsZonesParameters.ServerZoneIds.count = 0 or
DeleteDnsZonesParameters.ZoneType = ZoneLookupType.None, generate an
appropriate SOAP fault.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
DeleteDnsZonesParameters.zoneType = DNSForwardLookupZone, iterate through the
elements of DeleteDnsZonesParameters.ServerZoneIds and for each element id;
perform the following steps:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Retrieve the row in ADM_DNSServerForwardLookupZoneTable table that has <b>RecordId</b>
value the same as the element id and store the DnsZoneId of the retrieved row
in a local variable ZoneId. If no such row is found, generate an appropriate
SOAP fault, else delete the retrieved row from
ADM_DNSServerForwardLookupZoneTable.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Iterate over the remaining rows of ADM_DNSServerForwardLookupZoneTable
and search for rows that have DnsZoneId same as the local variable ZoneId. If
no such row is found, then delete the row in ADM_DNSForwardLookupTable that has
DnsZoneId same as local variable ZoneId, else go to next step.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the
DeleteDnsZonesParameters.zoneType = DNSReverseLookupZone, iterate through the
elements of DeleteDnsZonesParameters.ServerZoneIds and for each element id;
perform the following steps: </p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Retrieve the row in ADM_DNSServerReverseLookupZoneTable table that has <b>RecordId</b>
value the same as the element id and store the DnsReverseZoneId of the
retrieved row in a local variable ZoneId. If no such row is found, generate an
appropriate SOAP fault, else delete the retrieved row from ADM_DNSServerReverseLookupZoneTable.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Iterate over the remaining rows of ADM_DNSServerReverseLookupZoneTable
and search for rows that have DnsReverseZoneId same as the local variable
ZoneId. If no such row is found, then delete the row in
ADM_DNSReverseLookupTable that has DnsReverseZoneId same as local variable
ZoneId, else go to next step.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Call
SetOverallStatus with Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>