<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.3.2.3 GetAllMappingIPAddressesForRange</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The following are the input parameters to this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Param_Id: </b> This is a 64-bit signed integer
that identifies the <b>RecordId</b> for IPRange for which the mapping addresses
information is being retrieved.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> This is of type
AddressFamily and it can be either InterNetwork or InterNetworkV6. The value
InterNetwork is used to specify the processing to be done on the IPv4-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing. The value
InterNetworkV6 is used to specify the processing to be done on IPv6-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing. </p>

<p>The following is the output parameter from this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Result_mappingAddresses: </b> This is the
collection of address information in the form of IpamIPv4Address or
IpamIPv6Address, corresponding to the <i>Param_Id</i> specified in the input
parameter. If the <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetwork, the procedure
returns IpamIPv4Address, and if it is InterNetworkV6, the procedure returns
IpamIPv6Address.</p>

<p>The following processing
steps are performed.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Look up the <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>
for all the rows with the RangeRecordId value being <i>Param_Id</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the rows are
not found, return NULL. Otherwise initialize Result_mappingAddresses to
collection of IpamIPv4Address if the <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetwork
and IpamIPv6Address if <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetworkV6.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each row that
has been found, call GetIPAddressFromTable procedure of <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>RecordId</b>
is assigned to <i>Param_Id</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is assigned to <i>Param_addressfamily</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Process
the output result and add it to the collection Result_mappingAddresses.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_mappingAddresses as the output of the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>