<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.23.2.1 GetRangeUtilization</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure is used to retrieve the address utilization
trend information. The following are the input parameters to this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Param_id: </b> This is a 64-bit unsigned integer
specifying the record identifier of the range for which the utilization needs
to be computed. </p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> The address family of
the range for which the utilization is being requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_utilizationType: </b> This is of type
IPUtilizationType specifying the type of utilization data that is being
requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_startDate: </b> The start date of the period
for which the utilization trend is being requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_endDate: </b> The end date of the period for
which the utilization trend is being requested.</p>

<p>The following is the output result of the procedure.</p>

<p><b>result: </b> This is modeled on the
IPCumulativeUtilization to provide a series of data points that specify the
utilization data at various points in time.</p>

<p>The steps involved are as follows.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Get the IPRange
corresponding to the <i>Param_id</i> specified by invoking the
GetIPRangeFromTable procedure of <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> by passing the <i>Param_id</i>
and Param_addressfamily as input parameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Based on the <i>Param_utilizationType</i>,
adjust the <i>Param_startDate</i> and <i>Param_endDate</i> so that it reflects
the duration requested appropriately, so that if the <i>Param_utilizationType</i>
is IPUtilizationType.OneDay, choose the <i>Param_startDate</i> and <i>Param_endDate</i>
to be that of the last 24 hours. Similarly, if the <i>Param_utilizationType</i>
is IPUtilizationType.OneYear, choose the <i>Param_startDate</i> and <i>Param_endDate</i>
to be that of the last one-year period. If the <i>Param_utilizationType</i> is
IPUtilizationType.Current, the specified <i>Param_startDate</i> and <i>Param_endDate</i>
are used appropriately.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows in the <b>ADM_IPv4AddressUtilizationTable</b> that are between the <i>Param_startDate</i>
and <i>Param_endDate</i> and have the specified StartIPAddress, EndIPAddress,
AddressSpaceRecordId, and PrefixLength. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Divide the time
between <i>Param_startDate</i> and <i>Param_endDate</i> into 12 time periods
and compute the utilization of the address ranges within those time periods in
an implementation-specific manner. These 12 time periods will be used to form
12 rows of IPUtilization type and the average utilization is specified in the form
of IPUtilization.TotalAvailableAddresses, IPUtilization.TotalAssignedAddresses,
and IPUtilization.TotalUtilizedAddresses. Assign the 12 IPUtilization instances
to IPCumulativeUtilization.IpUtilization.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Return the
IPCumulativeUtilization instance created earlier.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>