<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.5.4.8.1.81 DhcpScopeObjectSpecificEnumerationParameters</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This is the processing done when the EnumInputParameters
contains data of type DhcpScopeObjectSpecificEnumerationParameters. The
ObjectType MUST be EnumerationObjectType.DhcpScope. This is used to enumerate
all the DHCP scopes that are mapped to specified DHCP Reservations or DHCP
Policies specified as parameters using
DhcpScopeObjectSpecificEnumerationParameters.RecordIds. The
DhcpScopeObjectSpecificEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily is used to determine
the simple table within the <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b> compound table on which
it is processed. The following are the steps involved in identifying the rows
to be returned as a part of the enumeration.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If DhcpScopeObjectSpecificEnumerationParameters.IpamObjectTypeForEnumeration
is equal to IpamObjectType.DHCPReservationV4 or is equal to
IpamObjectType.DHCPReservationV6, get the DHCP Reservations for which the
scopes are being requested by doing the following processing:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Iterate on all the elements of the list of reservation record ids
specified by DhcpScopeObjectSpecificEnumerationParameters.RecordIds, each id is
specified as ReservationRecordId. If the
DhcpScopeObjectSpecificEnumerationParameters.RecordIds list is NULL or is
empty, then enumerate all the rows of <b>ADM_DHCPReservationTable</b> and
perform the folowing operations on all the rows.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetDhcpReservation of <b>ADM_DHCPReservationTable</b>
passing the following as input parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Param_addressfamily
is set to DhcpScopeForIpBlockEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Param_Id is set
to ReservationRecordId.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetScopeFromTable of <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b>
passing the following as input parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Param_addressfamily
is set to DhcpScopeForIpBlockEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Param_reservationId
is set to Result_Reservation.ScopeRecordId.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Add the returned Result_scope to EnumOutputData.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If
DhcpScopeObjectSpecificEnumerationParameters.IpamObjectTypeForEnumeration is
equal to IpamObjectType.DHCPPolicyV4 and
DhcpScopeObjectSpecificEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily is equal to
AddressFamily.Internetwork, get the DHCP Policies for which the scopes are
being requested by doing the following processing: </p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Iterate on all the elements of the list of policy record ids specified
by DhcpScopeObjectSpecificEnumerationParameters.RecordIds, each id specified as
PolicyRecordId. If the DhcpScopeObjectSpecificEnumerationParameters.RecordIds
list is NULL or is empty, then enumerate all the rows of <b>ADM_DHCPReservationTable</b>
and perform the following operations on all the rows.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetPolicyById of ADM_DhcpPolicyTable passing the
following as input parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Param_PolicyId
is set to PolicyRecordId.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetScopeFromTable of <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b>
passing the following as input parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Param_addressfamily
is set to DhcpScopeForIpBlockEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Param_reservationId
is set to Result_Policy.Scope.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Add the returned Result_scope to EnumOutputData.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>