<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.48 UpdateDnsConditionalForwardersDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.UpdateDnsConditionalForwarders. The IpamOperationWithProgressParameter
instance MUST be of type DnsConditionalForwardersParameters. </p>

<p>This operation updates DNS conditional forwarders. In the
following steps, at any time a fault is generated, the SetOverallStatus SHOULD
be called with the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If IpamOperationWithProgressParameter
is NULL or not of type DnsConditionalForwardersParameters, generate an
appropriate SOAP fault (section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>). Project
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
DnsConditionalForwardersParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
DnsConditionalForwardersParameters is NULL, or
DnsConditionalForwardersParameters.ConditionalForwarders is NULL, or
DnsConditionalForwardersParameters.ConditionalForwarders.Count equals 0,
generate an appropriate SOAP fault.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate each of
the DnsConditionalForwardersParameters.ConditionalForwarders using the
ValidateDnsConditionalForwarder (section <a href="a47c8124-e5be-4514-94f4-a2061fb317fe.md">3.1.4.26</a>) processing rules
by passing DnsConditionalForwardersParameters.ConditionalForwarders as
Param_dnsConditionalForwarder. If any of the processing rules are not met, an
appropriate SOAP fault MUST be returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each DNS
conditional forwarder in DnsConditionalForwardersParameters.ConditionalForwarders,
retrieve the row in <b>ADM_DNSConditionalForwarderTable</b> that has a <b>RecordId</b>
the same as the <b>RecordId</b> of the current iterated DNS conditional
forwarder. If no such row is found, generate an appropriate SOAP fault;
otherwise, for all the list of modified properties in the current iterated
conditional forwarder, update the properties of the retrieved row in <b>ADM_DNSConditionalForwarderTable</b>
from the corresponding properties of the current iterated forwarder.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call
SetOverallStatus with success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>