<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.5.75 IpamObjectType</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This simple type is an enumeration that specifies the type
of object.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:simpleType name=&quot;IpamObjectType&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:restriction base=&quot;xsd:string&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;None&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IPv4AddressSpace&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IPv6AddressSpace&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IPv4Block&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IPv6Block&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IPv4Subnet&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IPv6Subnet&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IPv4Range&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IPv6Range&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IPv4Address&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;IPv6Address&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DHCPServerv4&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DHCPServerv6&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DHCPScopev4&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DHCPScopev6&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DHCPReservationv4&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DHCPReservationv6&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DHCPPolicyV4&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DHCPSuperscopeV4&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DHCPFailover&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DHCPFilter&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DNSServer&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DNSForwardLookupZone&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DNSReverseLookupZone&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;AccessScope&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;UserAccessPolicy&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DHCPSuperscopev4&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DnsZoneVirtualContainer&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DnsReverseZoneVirtualContainer&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DnsResourceRecord&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;DnsConditionalForwarder&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xs:enumeration value=&quot;Max&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;/xs:restriction&gt;
 &lt;/xs:simpleType&gt; 
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>The following table describes the various values of this
type.</p>

<table>
 <thead>
 <tr>
 <th>
 <p>Value</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Description</p>
 </th>
 </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>None</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Unspecified or an invalid value.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv4AddressSpace</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv4-based address space.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv6AddressSpace</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv6-based address space.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv4Block</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv4-based address block.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv6Block</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv6-based address block.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv4Subnet</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv4 subnet.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv6Subnet</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv6 subnet.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv4Range</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv4-based address range.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv6Range</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv6-based address range.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv4Address</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv4 address.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>IPv6Address</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv6 address.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DHCPServerv4</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv4-based DHCP server.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DHCPServerv6</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv6-based DHCP server.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DHCPScopev4</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv4-based DHCP scope.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DHCPScopev6</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv6-based DHCP scope.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DHCPReservationv4</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv4-based DHCP reservation.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DHCPReservationv6</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv6-based DHCP reservation.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DHCPPolicyV4</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv4-based DHCP policy.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DHCPSuperscopeV4</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv4-based DHCP superscope.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DHCPFailover</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is a DHCP failover relationship.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DHCPFilter</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is a DHCP filter.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DNSServer</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is a DNS server.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DNSForwardLookupZone</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is a DNS forward lookup zone.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DNSReverseLookupZone</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is a DNS reverse lookup zone.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>AccessScope</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object denotes the access scope for <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_05109c06-2003-4e9d-afd4-dd6341e3d6fc">role-based access control</a>.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>UserAccessPolicy</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object specifies the user access policy.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DHCPSuperscopev4</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is an IPv4-based DHCP superscope.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DnsZoneVirtualContainer</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is a DNS zone virtual container.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DnsReverseZoneVirtualContainer</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is a DNS reverse zone virtual container.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DnsResourceRecord</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is a DNS resource record.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>DnsConditionalForwarder</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The object is a DNS conditional forwarder.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>Max</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>The max value for this enumeration.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>