<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.4.19 ValidateSubnet</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This section describes the common validation rules for the
IPSubnet instance. The description assumes the IPSubnet instance to be
validated is passed as a parameter with the name <i>Param_IPSubnet</i>.</p>

<p>The following validations MUST pass for the IPSubnet
instance to be valid:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ValidateIPBlock MUST succeed, since IPSubnet is derived from
IPBlock.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_IPSubnet.name</i> is not NULL or a whitespace. Its
length is less than or equal to 512.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_IPSubnet.startIPAddress</i> is equal to <i>Param_IPSubnet.networkID</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_IPSubnet.endIPAddress</i> is equal to
(Param_IPSubnet.networkID | ~Param_IPSubnet.subnetMask).</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_IPSubnet.addressSpaceRecordId</i> is not 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_IPSubnet.vlanId</i> list MUST NOT contain any duplicates
or any VLANId whose value is less than 1 or greater than 4095.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_IPSubnet.virtualizationType</i> equals either
IPVirtualizationType.NonVirtualized or IPVirtualizationType.Fabric or
IPVirtualizationType.Virtual.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_IPSubnet.virtualizationType</i> and the
IPAddressSpaceType associated with <i>Param_IPSubnet.addressSpaceRecordId</i>
MUST satisfy the following conditions:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
virtualizationType is IPVirtualizationType.Virtual then addressSpaceType is
IPAddressSpaceType.Customer.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
virtualizationType is IPVirtualizationType.Fabric then addressSpaceType is not
IPAddressSpaceType.Provider.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
virtualizationType is IPVirtualizationType.NonVirtualized then <i>Param_IPSubnet.addressSpaceRecordId</i>
is ProviderAddressSpace.DefaultProviderAddressSpaceRecordId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_IPSubnet.vsId</i> is greater than or equal to 0 and less
than 16777215.</p>

</li></ul>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>