<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.5.4.8.1.38 IpamIPAddressAllForLogicalGroupEnumerationParameters</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This is the processing done when the EnumInputParameters
contains data of type IpamIPAddressAllForLogicalGroupEnumerationParameters. The
ObjectType MUST be EnumerationObjectType.IPAddress. This is used to enumerate
the addresses mapped to a particular logical group specified by
IpamIPAddressAllForLogicalGroupEnumerationParameters.LogicalGroupRecordId. The
IpamIPAddressAllForLogicalGroupEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily is used to
determine the simple table within <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> on which the
processing has to be done. If the AddressFamily is InterNetwork, the
EnumOutputData is a collection of IpamIPv4Address and if it is InterNetworkV6,
the EnumOutputData is a collection of IpamIPv6Address. </p>

<p>The following steps identify the rows to be returned as a
part of the enumeration.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Call the
procedure GetObjectIdsForLogicalGroup in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
passing the following parameters.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_logicalGroup</i> is set to LogicalGroup instance corresponding
to the
IpamIPAddressAllForLogicalGroupEnumerationParameters.LogicalGroupRecordId that
is retrieved by calling the procedure GetLogicalGroupFromTable in <b>ADM_LogicalGroupsTable</b>.
This is done so by passing <i>Param_Id</i> as
IpamIPAddressAllForLogicalGroupEnumerationParameters.LogicalGroupRecordId. <i>Param_groupType</i>
is set to LogicalGroupType.Range and <i>Param_addressFamily</i> is set to
IpamIPAddressAllForLogicalGroupEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_objectType</i> is set to LogicalGroupType.Range.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_addressFamily</i> is set to
IpamIPAddressAllForLogicalGroupEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>The previously
returned Result_ObjectIds comprises a list of address range instances. Get the
list of addresses that map to these address ranges by enumerating the rows
whose RangeRecordId is the value of the range record identifier returned in
Result_ObjectIds. For each of the address instances, call the procedure
GetIPAddressFromTable in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> passing the address
instance’s record identifier as <i>Param_Id</i> and
IpamIPAddressAllForLogicalGroupEnumerationParameters.AddressFamily as <i>Param_addressFamily</i>.
Add the returned result to EnumOutputData.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>