<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.4.2.5 CalculateParentForIPBlock</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can be used to calculate the parent IP Block
for a given address block. The address block for which the parent has to be
calculated is specified using the following input parameters.</p>

<p><b>Param_StartIPAddress: </b> This is of type
IPAddress specifying the <b>StartIPAddress</b> of the address block for which
the parent block is to be determined.</p>

<p><b>Param_EndIPAddress: </b> This is of type IPAddress
specifying the <b>EndIPAddress</b> of the address block for which the parent
block is to be determined.</p>

<p><b>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId: </b> The
AddressSpaceRecordId of the block for which the parent block is to be computed.
If this parameter is not specified while calling this procedure, the default
value that is considered is 1, which maps to Default Provider Address Space.</p>

<p><b>Param_PrefixLength: </b> This is an integer
specifying the PrefixLength of the address block for which the parent block is
to be determined.</p>

<p><b>Param_RecordIdToExclude: </b> This specifies the <b>RecordId</b>
of the block for which the parent block is being calculated so that it is
filtered from the resulting set.</p>

<p><b>Param_AddressCategory: </b> This specifies the <b>AddressCategory</b>
of the block for which the parent block is being calculated.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<p>The result of the procedure is the <b>RecordId</b>
of the parent block determined. If there is no applicable parent block, a value
of 0 is returned. This is returned as <b>result</b> variable.</p>
</dd>
<dd>
<p>The following are the steps involved. If the address
family of <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i> and <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i> is
InterNetwork, the remainder of the processing is done against the IPv4-specific
table. Otherwise the remainder of the processing has to be done against the
IPv6-specific table.</p>
</dd></dl>



<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Initialize <b>result</b> to 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Enumerate the rows from <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b> that meet the following
conditions:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_StartIPAddress</i> is greater than or equal to
StartIPAddress of the row.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_EndIPAddress</i> is less than or equal to the
EndIPAddress of the row.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</i> is equal to
AddressSpaceRecordId of the block entry in the table.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_PrefixLength</i> is greater than or equal to the
PrefixLength of the row.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>RecordId</b> of the row is not equal to <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Order the enumerated set of rows in the descending order of
StartIPAddress, EndIPAddress, and PrefixLength. The first row of the ordered
set will be the appropriate parent.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If the AddressCategory of the first row of the ordered set is the same
as <i>Param_AddressCategory</i>, assign <b>RecordId</b> of the row as <b>result</b>.
</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Return <b>result</b> as the output of the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>