<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.146 UpdateBlock</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is used to edit the settings of an existing
address block in the IPAM data store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;UpdateBlock&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/UpdateBlock&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_UpdateBlock_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/UpdateBlockResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_UpdateBlock_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the IIpamServer_UpdateBlock_InputMessage
request message, the server performs the following processing steps. Upon
successful completion of the steps specified below, the server MUST respond
with the IIpamServer_UpdateBlock_OutputMessage message. In the event of a
failure, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP
fault</a> MUST be sent to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
IPBlock.RecordId is a valid entry by invoking the GetIPBlockFromTable procedure
of <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b> by passing the IPBlock.RecordId as <i>Param_blockId</i>
and IPBlock.addressFamily as <i>Param_addressfamily</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the result is
NULL, the block specified is not present and is not processed further.
Otherwise store result as the OldIPBlockData variable.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
IPBlock.ModifiedProperties is empty, there are no updates to be performed and
the block is not processed further.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the
IPBlock by invoking the ValidateIPBlock passing the IPBlock as <i>Param_IPBlock</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If not all the
validation requirements are met, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If any of the
following fields are modified, the block hierarchy can potentially change.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>NetworkId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>PrefixLength</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>StartIPAddress</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>EndIPAddress</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If the block
hierarchy can change as computed in step 6. the following processing has to be
done.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Call GetIPBlockParentAndChildDepth procedure of <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>
by passing the StartIPAddress as <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>, EndIPAddress as <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>
and <b>RecordId</b> as <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>. If the result is greater
than or equal to 9, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call GetOverlappingBlocks procedure of <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b> by
passing the StartIPAddress as <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>, EndIPAddress as <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>,
<b>RecordId</b> as <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i> and PrefixLength as
Param_PrefixLength. If the Result_OverlappingBlocks is a nonempty list, an
appropriate SOAP fault MUST be generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Update the ParentIPBlockRecordId of IPBlock entries in <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>
that are the children blocks of OldIPBlockData to the value of
OldIPBlockData.ParentIPBlockRecordId. </p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Update the row
in <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b> with the values for the modified properties. Also
update the modified properties in the corresponding row in <b>ADM_IPBlockMultivaluedPropertiesTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the block
hierarchy can change as computed in step 6. the following processing is done.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure CalculateParentForIPBlock in <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>
by passing the StartIPAddress as Param_StartIPAddress, EndIPAddress as <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>,
<b>RecordId</b> as <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>, AddressCategory as <i>Param_AddressCategory</i>
and PrefixLength as <i>Param_PrefixLength</i>. Assign the result to
IPBlock.ParentIPBlockRecordId and update the row in <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure AdjustChildIPBlocks by passing the StartIPAddress as <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>,
EndIPAddress as <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>, <b>RecordId</b> as <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>,
AddressCategory as <i>Param_AddressCategory</i> and PrefixLength as <i>Param_PrefixLength</i>
to calculate the existing blocks which might get mapped into the block being
modified.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the CustomFieldValues is
also part of the ModifiedProperties of the IPBlock, call the procedure
SetCustomFieldValues in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b> by passing
the following parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_ObjectType</i> is set to EnumerationObjectType.IPBlock.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_addressFamily</i> is set to InterNetwork if the UpdateBlock.ipBlock
is IPv4Block. It is set to InterNeworkV6 if the UpdateBlock.ipBlock is
IPv6Block.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i> is assigned the value of
UpdateBlock.ipBlock.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_CustomFieldValuesCollection</i> is assigned the value of
UpdateBlock.ipBlock.CustomFieldValues.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the block hierarchy can
change as computed in step 6, call CreateAssociationEntry procedure of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b>
with following parameters to adjust the access scope associations.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_ObjectType</i> is set to EnumerationObjectType.IPBlock.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_ObjectId</i> is assigned the value of
UpdateBlock.ipBlock.RecordId.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>