<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.13.2.6 GetScopesForSuperscope</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can only be applied on IPv4 DhcpScope table.
This procedure retrieves all the IPv4 DHCP scopes that are assigned to a
specific DHCP superscope.</p>

<p>The following input parameter is used:</p>

<p><b>Param_superscopeId: </b> A 64-bit signed integer
specifying the record identifier of the DhcpSuperscopeV4 instance for which the
mapping scopes are being requested.</p>

<p>The following is the output parameter from this procedure:</p>

<p><b>Result_Scopes</b>: A collection of type
DhcpScopeV4.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows in IPv4 table of <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b> where SuperscopeId is equal to
<i>Param_superscopeId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Initialize
Result_Scopes.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each row
that meets the criteria in step 1, perform the following steps.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Create an instance of DhcpScopeV4 with the following assignments:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Set
DhcpScopeV4.RecordId to <b>RecordId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Set
DhcpScopeV4.ParentDhcpServerRecordId to DHCPServerRecordId.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Copy ScopeDetails of the row to DhcpScopeV4.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetDhcpOptions of <b>ADM_DhcpOptionsTable</b> with
the following parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span><i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is set to InterNetwork.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span><i>Param_ScopeRecordId</i>
is set to DhcpScopeV4.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span><i>Param_serverRecordId</i>
is set to DhcpScopeV4.ParentDhcpServerRecordId.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign the Result_optionCollection to DhcpScopeV4.Options.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Add the DhcpScopeV4 instance to Result_Scopes collection.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Return Result_Scopes as the output of the procedure.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>