<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.4.5 ValidateIPRange</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This section captures the common validation rules for the
IPRange data. The rest of the section assumes the IPRange to be validated is
passed as a parameter with the name <b>Param_range</b>. </p>

<p>The following validations MUST pass for <b>Param_range</b>
to be valid. </p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The <b>Param_range</b> MUST be a valid IPv4Range or IPv6Range
data.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The following fields are mandatory and MUST be specified and
valid.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>PrefixLength
MUST NOT be 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>StartIPAddress,
EndIPAddress, SubnetId MUST NOT be null.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>AddressAssignment
MUST NOT be None.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>CustomFieldValues
MUST have the mandatory custom field values having the following
ParentCustomFieldRecordId. </p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ManagedByCustomFieldRecordId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>ManagedByEntityCustomFieldRecordId</p>

</li></ul></li></ul></li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Store the CustomFieldValue having ParentCustomFieldRecordId as
ManagedByCustomFieldRecordId to ManagedByCustomFieldValue.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Store the CustomFieldValue having ParentCustomFieldRecordId as
ManagedByEntityCustomFieldRecordId to ManagedByEntityCustomFieldValue.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If ManagedByCustomFieldValue.BuiltInCustomFieldValueId is
BuiltInManagedByValues.MSDHCP, the following checks MUST succeed.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>ScopeRecordId
MUST be specified and it MUST be nonzero.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DhcpServerName
MUST be the same value as ManagedByEntityCustomFieldValue.Value.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>UtilizationType
MUST be IPUtilizationCalculationType.Auto.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If ManagedByCustomFieldValue.BuiltInCustomFieldValueId is not
BuiltInManagedByValues.MSDHCP, the following checks MUST succeed.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DhcpScopeName,
DhcpServerGuid and ScopeRecordId MUST NOT be specified.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Performing bitwise AND operation between SubnetId and SubnetMask
MUST yield the SubnetId itself.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>StartIPAddress MUST NOT be greater than EndIPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Compute MinimumPossibleIPAddress to be the SubnetId itself.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Compute MaximumPossibleIPAddress by performing bitwise OR
operation of SubnetId and SubnetMask.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>StartIPAddress and EndIPAddress MUST be within the range of
MinimumPossibleIPAddress and MaximumPossibleIPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If the UtilizationCalculationType is
IPUtilizationCalculationType.Static, the UtilizationStatistics MUST be
specified.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Initialize ComputedAddressCategory to be AddressCategory.None.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>If the <b>Param_range</b> is IPv4Range, calculate
ComputedAddressCategory as follows:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
the StartIPAddress and EndIPAddress fall within the public address space as
specified in <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=234171">[IANA-IPV4]</a>,
ComputedAddressCategory is set to AddressCategory.Public.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
the StartIPAddress and EndIPAddress fall within the private address space as
specified in <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90298">[RFC1918]</a>,
ComputedAddressCategory is set to AddressCategory.Private.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
the <b>Param_range</b> is IPv6Range, calculate ComputedAddressCategory to be
AddressCategory.GlobalIPv6Unicast if the range falls within the global unicast
range as specified in <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90464">[RFC4291]</a>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The ComputedAddressCategory MUST NOT be AddressCategory.None and
the ComputedAddressCategory MUST be the same as the AddressCategory in <b>Param_range</b>.</p>

</li></ul>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>