<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.46 ReloadDnsZonesDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.ReloadDnsZones. The IpamOperationWithProgressParameter
instance in this case MUST be of type ReloadDnsZonesParameters. </p>

<p>This operation is used to reload DNS zones. The following
are the steps involved. In these steps, at any time a fault is generated, the
SetOverallStatus SHOULD be called with the fault details. </p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter is NULL or not of type
ReloadDnsZonesParameters, generate an appropriate SOAP fault (as specified in
section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>).
Project IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
ReloadDnsZonesParameters. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
ReloadDnsZonesParameters is NULL or ReloadDnsZonesParameters.ServerZoneIds is
NULL or ReloadDnsZonesParameters.ServerZoneIds.count = 0 or
ReloadDnsZonesParameters.ZoneType = ZoneLookupType.None, generate an
appropriate SOAP fault. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
ReloadDnsZonesParameters.zoneType = DNSForwardLookupZone, for each object
specified by ReloadDnsZonesParameters.ServerZoneIds, put the object in a local
variable ServerZoneId and perform the following steps:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetDnsServerZoneFromTable in
ADM_DNSServerForwardLookupZoneTable passing ServerZoneId as parameter and
assign output to a local variable serverZone. If serverZone is NULL, generate
an appropriate SOAP fault.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Perform the reload operation on serverZone and call SetOverallStatus
with Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the
ReloadDnsZonesParameters.zoneType = DNSReverseLookupZone, for each object
specified by ReloadDnsZonesParameters.ServerZoneIds, put the object in a local
variable ServerZoneId and perform the following steps:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure GetDnsServerReverseLookupZoneFromTable in ADM_DNSServerReverseLookupZoneTable
passing ServerZoneId as parameter and assign output to a local variable
serverZone. If serverZone is NULL, generate an appropriate SOAP fault.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Perform the reload operation on serverZone and call SetOverallStatus
with Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>