<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.19.4.4.1.6 ApplyDhcpScopeConfigurationDelegate</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This processing is done when the
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter.OperationId is
AdminOperationId.ApplyScopeConfigurationTemplate. The
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter instance MUST be of type
ApplyDhcpScopeConfigurationParameters. </p>

<p>This operation is used to update multiple DHCP scopes with
specific properties. In the following steps, any time a fault is generated,
SetOverallStatus is called with the fault details.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
IpamOperationWithProgressParameter is NULL or not of type
ApplyDhcpScopeConfigurationParameters, generate an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a> (as specified in
section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>).
Project IpamOperationWithProgressParameter in a local variable as
ApplyDhcpScopeConfigurationParameters.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
ApplyDhcpServerConfigurationParameters.ScopeIds is null or
ApplyDhcpServerConfigurationParameters.ScopeIds.count = 0 or
ApplyDhcpServerConfigurationParameters.ScopeTemplate is null, generate an
appropriate SOAP fault.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each scope
specified by ApplyDhcpServerConfigurationParameters.ScopeIds, retrieve the
corresponding scope object and create a collection of scopes called
collectionScopes.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>To retrieve the
scope object corresponding to the scope ID, in the step above, call the
procedure GetScopeFromTable of <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b>, passing the scopeId
as a parameter in Param_id and
ApplyDhcpServerConfigurationParameters.ScopeAddressFamily as a parameter in
param_addressFamily.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each Scope
in collectionScopes, populate the relationship name that the scope belongs to
by searching for the scopeId in <b>ADM_DhcpScopeFailoverTable</b> and then for
the corresponding relationshipId in the <b>ADM_DhcpFailoverTable</b>. Using the
relationship names, remove one of the scopes of a given relationship from
collectionScopes, if both the scopes of a relationship are in the collection.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each Scope
in collectionScope, do the following steps:</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
ApplyDhcpScopeConfigurationParameters.ScopeTemplate.ModifiedProperties contains
DnsNameProtectionStatus, assign Scope.DnsNameProtectionStatus =
ApplyDhcpScopeConfigurationParameters.ScopeTemplate.DnsNameProtectionStatus.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
ApplyDhcpScopeConfigurationParameters.ScopeTemplate.ModifiedProperties contains
DnsUpdateType, assign Scope.DnsUpdateType =
ApplyDhcpScopeConfigurationParameters.ScopeTemplate.DnsUpdateType.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
ApplyDhcpScopeConfigurationParameters.ScopeTemplate.ModifiedProperties contains
DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus, assign
Scope.DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus = ApplyDhcpScopeConfigurationParameters.ScopeTemplate.DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
ApplyDhcpScopeConfigurationParameters.ScopeTemplate.ModifiedProperties contains
Status, assign Scope.Status =
ApplyDhcpScopeConfigurationParameters.ScopeTemplate.Status.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If ApplyDhcpScopeConfigurationParameters.ScopeTemplate.ModifiedProperties
contains Description, assign Scope.Description =
ApplyDhcpScopeConfigurationParameters.ScopeTemplate.Description.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call SetOverallStatus with
Success and 100 percent completion.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>