<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.293 IPAuditEnumerationParameters</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The IPAuditEnumerationParameters complex type is used to
specify the enumeration parameters for the <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_fa5b5a32-b17b-4e3e-93be-81156c0a88e7">IP address audit</a>.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;IPAuditEnumerationParameters&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:EnumerationParametersBase&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IncludeUserInformation&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;NumberOfRecords&quot; type=&quot;xsd:int&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SearchCriteriaXml&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>IncludeUserInformation: </b> This specifies
whether or not the user logon event information will be used to correlate the
IP address audit information. </p>

<p><b>NumberOfRecords: </b> This specifies the maximum
number of records to be retrieved.</p>

<p><b>SearchCriteriaXml: </b> This specifies the IP
Audit filter conditions in the form of an XML. </p>

<dl>
<dd>
<p>The following XML schema is used to specify the IP
Audit filter conditions.</p>
</dd>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;?xml version=&quot;1.0&quot; encoding=&quot;utf-8&quot;?&gt;
 &lt;xs:schema id=&quot;IPSearchParameters&quot; xmlns=&quot;&quot; xmlns:xs=&quot;http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema&quot; xmlns:msdata=&quot;urn:schemas-microsoft-com:xml-msdata&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:element name=&quot;IPSearchParameters&quot; msdata:IsDataSet=&quot;true&quot; msdata:UseCurrentLocale=&quot;true&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:complexType&gt;
       &lt;xs:choice minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; maxOccurs=&quot;unbounded&quot;&gt;
         &lt;xs:element name=&quot;OP_AND&quot;&gt;
           &lt;xs:complexType&gt;
             &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
               &lt;xs:element name=&quot;IPSearchNode&quot; minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; maxOccurs=&quot;unbounded&quot;&gt;
                 &lt;xs:complexType&gt;
                   &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
                     &lt;xs:element name=&quot;Name&quot; type=&quot;xs:string&quot; minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; /&gt;
                     &lt;xs:element name=&quot;Value1&quot; type=&quot;xs:string&quot; minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; /&gt;
                     &lt;xs:element name=&quot;Value2&quot; type=&quot;xs:string&quot; minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; /&gt;
                     &lt;xs:element name=&quot;Value&quot; type=&quot;xs:string&quot; minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; /&gt;
                   &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
                 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
               &lt;/xs:element&gt;
             &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
           &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
         &lt;/xs:element&gt;
       &lt;/xs:choice&gt;
     &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
   &lt;/xs:element&gt;
 &lt;/xs:schema&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>



<p><b>Name: </b> This specifies the name of the field on
which the IPSearchNode specifies the filter condition. It can be one of the
following values. </p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>TIME_DURATION</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>IP_ADDRESS</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>MAC_ADDRESS</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>HOST_NAME</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>USER_NAME</p>

</li></ul><dl>
<dd>
<p>If the Name is TIME_DURATION, Value1 and Value2 MUST
be specified to give the date and time range between which the IP address audit
information is to be searched. Value element MUST NOT be present. </p>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>Value1: </b> This specifies the start date time of
the duration when the Name field is TIME_DURATION. This MUST NOT be used in
IPSearchNode otherwise. The date time MUST be specified in Coordinated
Universal Time (UTC) string representation as specified by <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=89920">[ISO-8601]</a>.</p>

<p><b>Value2: </b> This specifies the end date time of
the duration when the Name field is TIME_DURATION. This MUST NOT be used in
IPSearchNode otherwise. The date time MUST be specified in Coordinated
Universal Time (UTC) string representation as specified by [ISO-8601].</p>

<p><b>Value: </b> This specifies a value for the field
specified with <b>Name</b> when the Name is IP_ADDRESS, MAC_ADDRESS, HOST_NAME,
or USER_NAME. If the Name is IP_ADDRESS, the Value MUST be a valid IP address
denoted in the textual form. </p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>