<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.153 UpdateSubnet</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is used to edit the settings of an existing
address subnet in the IPAM data store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;UpdateSubnet&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/UpdateSubnet&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_UpdateSubnet_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/UpdateSubnetResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_UpdateSubnet_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the IIpamServer_UpdateSubnet_InputMessage
request message, the server performs the following processing steps. Upon
successful completion of these steps, the server MUST respond with the IIpamServer_UpdateSubnet_OutputMessage
message. In the event of a failure, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a> MUST be sent to
the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Validate the <b>UpdateSubnet.subnet.RecordId</b>
is a valid entry by invoking the <b>GetSubnetById</b> procedure of <b>ADM_SubnetTable</b>
by passing the <b>UpdateSubnet.subnet.RecordId</b> as the <i>Param_SubnetId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the <b>Result_Subnet</b>
is NULL, the subnet specified is not present and is not processed further.
Otherwise store result as the <b>OldSubnetData</b> variable.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>UpdateSubnet.subnet</b>
to a temporary data store <b>updatedSubnet</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>updatedSubnet.ModifiedProperties</b>
is empty, there are no updates to be performed and the block is not processed
further.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the <b>updatedSubnet</b>
by invoking the <b>ValidateSubnet</b> passing the <b>updatedSubnet</b> as <i>Param_IPSubnet</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If all the
validation requirements are not met, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be
generated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If any of the
following fields are modified, the block hierarchy can potentially change. Set
a temporary store, <b>keyPropertiesChanged</b> to TRUE.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>NetworkId</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>PrefixLength</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>StartIPAddress</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>OldSubnetData.addressSpaceId</b>
is not same as <b>updatedSubnet.AddressSpaceId,</b> set a temporary data store,
<b>addressSpaceChanged</b>, to TRUE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If either <b>keyPropertiesChanged</b>
or <b>addressSpaceChanged</b> is TRUE, do the following:</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If key properties of the
subnet have changed and oldSubnet had child ranges mapping to it, an
appropriate SOAP fault MUST be sent. Use the following tasks to achieve this:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Get the child ranges for <b>oldSubnet</b> by calling the procedure
GetChildRangesForBlock of <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> with OldSubnetData.RecordId
assigned to <i>Param_blockId</i>. Determine the AddressFamily of the
OldSubnetData based on OldSubnetData.StartIPAddress. If it is InterNetwork,
assign InterNetwork to <i>Param_addressFamily</i>. If it is InterNetworkV6,
assign InterNetworkV6 to <i>Param_addressFamily</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If Result_Ranges is not empty and <b>keyPropertiesChanged</b> is TRUE,
raise a fault since there are dependent child ranges, and the networkId/prefix
cannot be changed.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If either <b>keyPropertiesChanged</b>
or addressSpaceChanged is  TRUE, check if a duplicate subnet already exists. A
SOAP fault MUST be raised if a duplicate subnet is found.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure <b>GetAllSubnetsForAddressCategory</b> of <b>ADM_SubnetTable</b>
with the following parameters for the call:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>updatedSubnet.AddressCategory</b>
to <i>Param_AddressCategory</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign the <b>Result_Subnets</b>
to a temporary data store <b>possibleDuplicateSubnets</b>. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each of the <b>currentSubnet</b>
subnets in <b>possibleDuplicateSubnets</b>, if <b>currentSubnet.startIPAddress</b>
= <b>updatedSubnet.startIPAddress</b> and <b>currentSubnet.EndIPAddress</b> = <b>updatedSubnet.EndIPAddress</b>
and <b>currentSubnet.AddressSpaceId</b> = <b>updatedSubnet.AddressSpaceId</b>,
raise a fault since the subnet already exists in the IPAM data store.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If either of <b>keyPropertiesChanged</b>
and <b>addressSpaceChanged</b> is TRUE, calculate the <b>isOverlapping</b> and <b>UseForUtilization</b>
for <b>updatedSubnet</b>. For this, get all the subnets <b>overlapping with
updatedSubnet by calling the procedure GetOverlappingSubnets for ADM</b>_SubnetTable
with the following parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <b>updatedSubnet.startIPAddress</b> to <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <b>updatedSubnet.EndIPAddress</b> to <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <b>updatedSubnet.PrefixLength</b> to <i>Param_ PrefixLength</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <b>updatedSubnet.AddressSpaceId</b> to <i>Param_AddressSpaceId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <b>updatedSubnet.RecordId</b> to <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>For each of the subnets in <b>Result_OverlappingBlocks</b>,
check if <b>UseForUtilization</b> property is set. If none of these subnets
have the <b>useForUtilization</b> set to TRUE or if the <b>Result_OverlappingBlocks</b>
is empty, set <b>UseForUtilization</b> property for <b>updatedSubnet</b> to
TRUE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>Result_OverlappingBlocks</b>
is empty, set the <b>isOverlapping</b> property to FALSE. Otherwise, set the <b>isOverlapping</b>
property of <b>updatedSubnet</b> to TRUE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Update the <b>isOverlapping</b>
property for all the rows in set <b>Result_OverlappingBlocks</b> in <b>ADM_IPBlock</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If address space has changed
and the subnet now maps to default address space, then set the parent block for
the <b>updatedSubnet</b>. Only subnets that belong to the default address space
map to a block. Call <b>CalculateParentForIPBlock</b> for <b>ADM_IPBlocksTable</b>
with the following parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <b>updatedSubnet.startIPAddress</b> to <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <b>updatedSubnet.EndIPAddress</b> to <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <b>updatedSubnet.PrefixLength</b> to <i>Param_ PrefixLength</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <b>updatedSubnet.RecordId</b> to <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <b>updatedSubnet.AddressCategory</b> to <i>Param_AddressCategory</i>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Set the
ParentIPBlockRecordID of <b>updatedSubnet</b> to RecordId returned in the
previous result.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Update the properties
inherited from <b>ADM_IPBlock</b> table using the properties set in <b>updatedSubnet</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Update the subnet properties
from <b>updatedSubnet</b> into <b>ADM_Subnet</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>addressSpaceChanged</b>
is TRUE and Result_Ranges in step 8(b) is not empty, the address space change
needs to be reflected to the child ranges that can still map to the modified
subnet as well. Perform the following:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>For each row in <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> that corresponds to each element
in <b>Result_Ranges</b> from step 10(2).</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Set the <b>AddressSpaceId</b>
of the row in <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> to <b>addressSpaceId</b> of <b>updatedSubnet</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Set the <b>VirtualizationType</b>
of the row in <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> to <b>VirtualizationType</b> of <b>updatedSubnet</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>Get all the child addresses that mapped to the oldSubnet by following
these steps:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Initialize a
collection of IPAddresses as Result_Addresses. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call the
GetAllMappingIPAddressesForRange procedure of <b>ADM_</b> <b>IPAddressTable</b>
for each entry range in Result_Ranges from step 10(2.) assigning range.RecordId
to <i>Param_Id</i> and range.AddressFamily to <i>Param_addressfamily</i>. Add
the contents of collection of output Result_mappingAddresses to
Result_Addresses.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each row in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> that corresponds to each
element in Result_Addresses:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Set the <b>AddressSpaceId</b>
of the row in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> to addressSpaceId of
UpdateSubnet.subnet.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Set the <b>VirtualizationType</b>
of the row in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> to <b>VirtualizationType</b> of UpdateSubnet.subnet.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the <b>CustomFieldValues</b>
is also part of the <b>ModifiedProperties</b> of the <b>IPBlock</b>, call the
procedure <b>SetCustomFieldValues</b> in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b>
by passing the following parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_ObjectType</i> is set to EnumerationObjectType.IPBlock.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_addressFamily</i> is set to InterNetwork if the <b>updatedSubnet</b>
is IPv4Subnet. It is set to InterNetworkV6 if the <b>updatedSubnet</b> is
IPv6Subnet.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_ObjectRecordId</i> is assigned the value of <b>updatedSubnet.RecordId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_CustomFieldValuesCollection</i> is assigned the value of <b>updatedSubnet.CustomFieldValues</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Update the isOverlapping and
UseForUtilization properties of all the subnets that conflicted with this
subnet before the modification. To do this, get all overlapping subnets for the
oldSubnet. For each overlapping subnet, recompute the isOverlapping and
UseForUtilization properties. </p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the procedure <b>GetOverlappingSubnets</b> for <b>ADM_SubnetTable</b>
with the following parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>OldSubnet.startIPAddress</b>
to <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>OldSubnet.EndIPAddress</b>
to <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>OldSubnet.PrefixLength</b>
to <i>Param_PrefixLength</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>OldSubnet.AddressSpaceId</b>
to <i>Param_AddressSpaceId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>OldSubnet.RecordId</b>
to <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each of the subnets <b>currentOverlappingSubnet</b> in <b>Result_OverlappingBlocks</b>,
get all overlapping subnets by calling <b>GetOverlappingSubnets</b> for <b>ADM_SubnetTable</b>
with these parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>currentOverlappingSubnet.startIPAddress</b>
to <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>currentOverlappingSubnet.EndIPAddress</b>
to <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>currentOverlappingSubnet.PrefixLength</b>
to <i>Param_PrefixLength</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign
currentOverlappingSubnet.AddressSpaceId to <i>Param_AddressSpaceId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign <b>currentOverlappingSubnet.RecordId</b>
to <i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each of the subnets in <b>Result_OverlappingBlocks</b> for <b>currentOverlappingSubnet</b>,
check if UseForUtilization property is set. If none of these subnets have the <b>useForUtilization</b>
set to TRUE or if the Result_OverlappingBlocks is empty, set <b>UseForUtilization</b>
property for <b>currentOverlappingSubnet</b> to TRUE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If Result_OverlappingBlocks is empty, set <b>isOverlapping</b> property
to FALSE. Otherwise, set the <b>isOverlapping</b> property of
currentOverlappingSubnet to TRUE.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the block hierarchy can
change as computed in step 6. Call the <b>CreateAssociationEntry</b> procedure
of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b> with the following parameters in
order to adjust the access scope associations:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span><i>Param_ObjectType</i> is set to <b>EnumerationObjectType.IPSubnet</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Param_ObjectId is assigned the value of <b>updatedSubnet.RecordId.</b></p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>