<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.17.1 Data Model</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p><b>RecordId – primary key</b>: A 64-bit, unique
signed integer that is unique for each entry in the table. The data store
assigns a unique value when a new row is inserted into the table. This forms
the <b>RecordId</b> of <b>DhcpServer</b> information.</p>

<p><b>ServerRoleRecordId</b>: foreign key (<b>ADM_ServerRolesTable,
RecordId</b>) on delete cascade: This specifies the DHCP server role row entry
in the ADM_ServerRolesTable corresponding to the specific DHCP server role
instance. </p>

<p><b>DHCPServerDetails</b>: This consists of the
various columns common to both IPv4-specific and IPv6-specific tables. These
columns are modeled on the following properties of DhcpServer, which is the
base type that both DhcpServerV4 and DhcpServerV6 extends.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>AuditLogginStatus</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>BackupPath</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DatabasePath</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DiscardDnsRecordOnLeaseDeletionStatus</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DnsNameProtectionStatus</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DnsRegistrationCredentialDomainName</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DnsRegistrationCredentialUserName</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DnsUpdateType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>NumberOfActiveLeases</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>NumberOfAvailableAddresses</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>NumberOfScopes</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>ServerVersion</p>

</li></ul><p><b>DHCPServerDetails (IPv4-specific)</b>: For the
IPv4-specific table, the following additional columns are present apart from
the previously mentioned common columns. These are modeled on the following
properties of DhcpServerV4.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DhcpDnsNotRequestingClientsUpdateType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DnsDisableDynamicPtsUpdates</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>PolicyActivationStatus</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>AllowFilterState</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>DenyFilterState</p>

</li></ul><p><b>DHCPServerDetails (IPv6-specific)</b>: For the
IPv6-specific table, the following additional columns are present apart from
the previously mentioned common columns. These are modeled on the following
properties of DhcpServerV6.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>PurgeInterval</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>StatelessStatus</p>

</li></ul><p><b>OptionDefinitions</b>: This is the list of option
definitions that are associated with the specific row of the DHCP server
information. It is modeled on the DhcpOptionDefinition, with each entry in the
list having the following values:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Description</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Name</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>OptionCollectionType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>OptionId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>RecordId</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>OptionType</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Values</p>

</li></ul><dl>
<dd>
<p>It also consists of VendorClassRecordId, which is an
index into the VendorClasses associated with the server specifying the vendor
class associated with the option definition. If the VendorClassRecordId is not
set, it specifies the option definition for the default vendor class.</p>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>VendorClasses</b>: This is a list of vendor
classes that are defined on a server. It is modeled around the DhcpVendorClass
(DhcpVendorClassV4 for IPv4-specific table and DhcpVendorClassV6 for
IPv6-specific table).</p>

<p><b>UserClasses</b>: This is a list of user classes
that are defined on the server. It is modeled around the DhcpUserClass
(DhcpUserClassV4 for IPv4-specific table and DhcpUserClassV6 for IPv6-specific
table).</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>