<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.147 UpdateCustomField</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is used to update an existing <b>CustomField</b>
object in the IPAM data store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;UpdateCustomField&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/UpdateCustomField&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_UpdateCustomField_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/UpdateCustomFieldResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_UpdateCustomField_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the
IIpamServer_UpdateCustomField_InputMessage request message, the server performs
the following processing steps. Upon successful completion of the steps
specified below, the server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_UpdateCustomField_OutputMessage message. In the event of a failure,
an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP fault</a>
MUST be sent to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Set <b>updatedCustomField</b>
variable as <b>UpdateCustomField.customField</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>updatedCustomField</b>
is NULL, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Validate the <b>updatedCustomField</b>
by performing the processing rules as listed in the procedure <b>ValidateCustomField</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Identify the
list of modified properties in the <b>updatedCustomField</b> by seeing the
number of properties modified in <b>updatedCustomField.ModifiedProperties</b>.
If there are no property modifications, no further processing is required and
return success.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the list of
modified properties of object <b>updatedCustomField</b> also includes <b>CustomFieldOrigin</b>
and/or <b>CustomFieldType</b> field, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be
returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the value of <b>CustomFieldOrigin</b>
field is equal to <b>CustomFieldOrigin.BuiltIn</b> and the list of modified
properties of object <b>updatedCustomField</b> includes one or more of the <b>CustomFieldName</b>,
<b>CustomFieldOrigin</b> or <b>CustomFieldType</b> fields, an appropriate SOAP
fault MUST be returned.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Fetch the
existing CustomField data by invoking <b>GetCustomField</b> procedure of <b>ADM_CustomFieldsTable</b>
by passing the <b>updatedCustomField.RecordId</b> as the <i>Param_id</i> input
parameter. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Store the <b>Result_customField</b>
in <b>currentCustomField</b> which is a temporary store.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each of the
modified properties of object updatedCustomField, if the <b>property</b> is not
<b>CustomFieldOrigin</b>, <b>CustomFieldType</b> or <b>CustomFieldValues</b>
fields then:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Get the <b>oldValue</b> of the property from <b>currentCustomField</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Get the <b>newValue</b> of the property from <b>updatedCustomField</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>If <b>oldValue</b> is equal to NULL, or if <b>newValu</b>e is equal to
NULL, or if <b>oldValue</b> is not equal to <b>newValue</b> then:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Update the value
of the <b>property</b> to <b>newValue</b> in the appropriate row in the <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesTable</b>,
where record identifier of the row is equal to <b>updatedCustomField.customFieldId</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the list of modified
properties of object <b>updatedCustomField</b> includes <b>CustomFieldValues</b>
field the following processing steps are performed:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>For each CustomFieldValue currentValue in
currentCustomField.CustomFieldValues</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If there is an
entry newValue in updatedCustomField.CustomFieldValues having Id equal to
currentValue.Id,</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
currentValue.Value is not equal to newValue.Value</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
updatedCustomField.Origin = CustomFieldOrigin.Builtin this is a value of a <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_919531d5-10dd-47b6-aacc-7195c0294372">built-in custom field</a> and
it MUST NOT be modified. Generate and return an appropriate SOAP fault.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Update the
newValue.Value in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Remove the
newValue entry from the updatedCustomField.CustomFieldValues collection.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If there is no
entry in updatedCustomFields.CustomFieldValues having Id equal to
currentValue.Id. </p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
currentValue.BuiltInCustomFieldValueId is not set, remove the entry.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
currentValue.BuiltInCustomFieldValueId is set, generate and return an
appropriate SOAP fault as the build-in custom field values MUST NOT be removed.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each CustomFieldValue newValue in
updatedCustomField.CustomFieldValues,</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>If
newValue.RecordId is not set,</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Add a new row
into <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesTable</b> having CustomFieldRecordId to be
updatedCustomField.RecordId and the Value being newValue.Value.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>