<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.2.2.6 GetUnmappedObjectIdsForLogicalGroup</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure can be used to retrieve the list of object
record identifiers that do not map to the specified logical group. The objects
will not map to the logical group if they do not have the custom field value
that forms the first level of the logical group hierarchy.</p>

<p>The following are the input parameters for this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Param_logicalGroup: </b> The LogicalGroup for
which the object identifiers that do not map is being requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_objectType: </b> The EnumerationObjectType
used to specify the object for which the logical group non-membership is being
requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressFamily: </b> This specifies the
address family of the object type for which the logical group non-mapping is
being requested.</p>

<p>The following is the output parameter of this procedure.</p>

<p><b>Result_ObjectIds: </b> The list of object record
identifiers that do not map to the specified logical group.</p>

<p>The following are the
processing steps involved.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate the
rows in <b>ADM_CustomFieldValuesAssociationTable</b> that meet the following
criteria:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>ObjectType is equal to <i>Param_objectType</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Af is equal to <i>Param_addressFamily</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>The count of the number of rows thath meet the following condition is 0.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>CustomFieldId is
equal to <i>Param_logicalGroup.Fields[0].CustomFieldRecordId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span><b>UsedById</b>
is equal to the U<b>sedById</b> of the row enumerated.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Af is equal to
the <i>Param_addressFamily</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>ObjectType is
equal to the <i>Param_objectType</i>.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>For each of the
row enumerated, add the UsedById to Result_ObjectIds.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Return
Result_ObjectIds as the output parameter of this procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>