<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.7.2.1 AddOrUpdateAddressDNSReverseLookup</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure updates the forward lookup DNS zone mapping
for an IP address. The following the input parameters are used.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily</b>: Specifies the simple
table within the <b>ADM_AddressDNSReverseLookupTable</b> against which the
processing steps of the procedure are to be performed.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressId</b>: The <b>RecordId</b> of the
address object for which the row specifies the reverse lookup registration
information.</p>

<p><b>Param_dnsZoneId</b>: The <b>RecordId</b> of the
zone under which the reverse-lookup registration of the address is done. This
is the record identifier of the zone in <b>ADM_DNSReverseLookupTable</b>.</p>

<p><b>Param_serverDnsZoneId</b>: The <b>RecordId</b> of
the entry in the <b>ADM_DNSServerReverseLookupZoneTable</b> specifying the
server on which the zone with zone record identifier Param_dnsZoneId is
present, against which the address is registered.</p>

<p><b>Param_recordId</b>: The <b>RecordId</b> of the row
in <b>ADM_AddressDNSReverseLookupTable</b> that has to be updated. This will
not be specified if the row is to be newly added.</p>

<p>The output of this procedure is the Result_recordId
parameter specifying the <b>RecordId</b> of either the newly added row or the
updated row.</p>

<p>The following steps are involved.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Select the
simple table based on <i>Param_addressfamily</i> for the <b>ADM_AddressDnsReverseLookupTable</b>
on which the processing has to be done.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <i>Param_recordId</i>
is present, the existing row in the table is modified. Otherwise, a new row is
inserted. The following are the data assignments to be performed in either
case.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <i>Param_addressId</i> to AddressRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <i>Param_dnsZoneId</i> to DNSZoneRecordID.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign <i>Param_serverDnsZoneId</i> to DNSServerRecordID.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If the row has
been newly added, assign Result_recordId with the <b>RecordId</b> of the newly
added row.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>