<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.33.1 Data Model</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p><b>RecordId: </b>primary key:<b> </b> A 64-bit signed
integer that is unique for each entry in the table. The data store assigns a
unique value when a new row is inserted into the table.</p>

<p><b>AddressSpaceType: </b> Of type IPAddressSpaceType
that signifies whether the AddressSpace is a ProviderAddressSpace or a
CustomerAddressSpace.</p>

<p><b>AddressSpaceDetails: </b> A number of
AddressSpace-specific properties that are modeled as the following set of
fields in the <b>AddressSpace</b> data structure specified in section <a href="b0a9d5e1-9d15-411e-b732-259b999bd3a8.md">2.2.4.7</a>.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Name</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Description</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Owner</p>

</li></ul><p>For Provider Address
Space-specific tables, the following additional properties are associated with
the address space:</p>

<p><b>IsDefault: </b> If this is set to 1, it denotes
that the row represents the Default Provider Address Space which is populated
during the IPAM data store provisioning.</p>

<p>For Customer Address Space-specific tables, the following
additional properties are associated with the address space:</p>

<p><b>ProviderAddressSpaceRecordId: </b>foreign key (<b>ADM_AddressSpaceTable,
RecordId</b>); on update cascade on delete cascade. This represents the <b>RecordId</b>
of the Provider Address Space to which the Customer Address Space belongs.</p>

<p><b>Tenant: </b> This is a computed value for each row
of this table. This is computed by looking up <b>ADM_AddressSpaceCustomFieldValuesTable</b>
for the row with AddressSpaceRecordId equal to the <b>RecordId</b> value of the
address space and the CustomFieldRecordId value of <b>ADM_TenantCustomFieldId</b>.</p>

<p><b>VMNetwork: </b> This is a computed value for each
row of this table. This is computed by looking up <b>ADM_AddressSpaceCustomFieldValuesTable</b>
for the row with the AddressSpaceRecordId equal to the <b>RecordId</b> value of
the address space and the CustomFieldRecordId value of <b>ADM_VMNetworkCustomFieldId</b>.</p>

<p><b>IsolationMethod: </b> This is a computed value for
each row of this table. This is computed by looking up <b>ADM_AddressSpaceCustomFieldValuesTable</b>
for the row with the AddressSpaceRecordId equal to the <b>RecordId</b> value of
the address space and the CustomFieldRecordId value of <b>ADM_IsolationMethodCustomFieldId</b>.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>