<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.4.7 SetIPRangeMapping</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This section captures the common processing rules for
performing the following common activities for an address range.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Recalculate the IsOverlapping and UseForUtilization setting for
the specified range and the ranges that overlap with the specified range.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Identify the subnet that this has to be mapped to. This would
also create a parent subnet if none is found, and the parameter (defined later)
createSubnetIfDoesNotExist set to the value TRUE.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Map the appropriate set of rows in the <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>
to the specified range.</p>

</li></ul><p>In the following processing steps, currentRange indicates
the address range for which the previous activities are to be performed, and
createSubnetIfDoesNotExist indicates whether a parent subnet is to be
automatically created if none is found.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Get the list of
overlapping address ranges with the StartIPAddress, EndIPAddress,
ExclusionRanges by invoking the procedure GetOverlappingRanges of the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>.
This is done by setting the following input parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>
is assigned the value currentRange.range.StartIPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>
is assigned the value currentRange.range.EndIPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_ExclusionRanges</i>
is set to the currentRange.range.ExclusionRanges.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i>
is set to currentRange.RecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</i>
is set to currentRange.AddressSpaceId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>For each
overlappingRange in Result_OverlappingRows, perform the following:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Calculate
the ManagedBy value to be the custom field value whose custom field identifier
is the same value as <b>ADM_ManagedByCustomFieldId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Calculate
the ManagedByEntity value to be the custom field value whose custom field
identifier is the same as the <b>ADM_ManagedByEntityCustomFieldId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>If
the ManagedBy and ManagedByEntity values of the row are the same as
currentRange.ManagedByValue and currentRange.ManagedByEntityValue respectively,
and currentRange.ManagedByValue is not same as MSDHCP, this overlap is not
allowed and an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP
fault</a> MUST be raised.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>For each range
in Result_OverlappingRanges, if any of the ranges has UseForUtilization set as
TRUE, set UseForUtilization for the currentRange as FALSE. Otherwise, set it to
TRUE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the array
Result_OverlappingRanges is not empty, set the IsOverlapping property of the
currentRange to TRUE. Otherwise, set it to FALSE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Get the parent
subnet that currentRange range maps to, by calling MapIPRangeToBlock of <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>
with following parameter:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_range</i>
is assigned the value of currentRange.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>If
currentRange.IPBlockId is set to a non-zero number, set flag ParentSubnetExists
as TRUE. Otherwise, set ParentSubnetExists to FALSE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Fault if
ParentSubnetExists is FALSE and createSubnetIfDoesNotExist is FALSE or not
specified.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
ParentSubnetExists is FALSE and createSubnetIfDoesNotExist is TRUE, create a
new subnet for this range by inserting a new row in <b>ADM_Subnet</b> table and
copying relevant properties from currentRange. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Set the property
ParentIPBlockRecordId of the currentRange to the <b>RecordId</b> of the newly
created subnet.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the currentRange.RecordId
is 0, add the currentRange to the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> and set the
currentRange.RecordId to the value of record identifier. Insert a row in <b>ADM_IPRangeMultivaluedPropertiesTable</b>
with corresponding values from currentRange.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the currentRange.RecordId
is not 0, update the existing row in the <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> specified
with the values from the currentRange.ModifiedProperties. Update the
corresponding row in <b>ADM_IPRangeMultivaluedPropertiesTable</b> with
corresponding values from currentRange.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
Result_OverlappingRanges in step 3 is a nonempty set of rows, update the
IsOverlapping flag of those rows in <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> to TRUE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Call the
AdjustIPAddressRangeMapping procedure of <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> with the
following values to map the addresses as applicable to the new address range
added.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign the value of currentRange.RecordId to <i>Param_rangeId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign the value of currentRange.StartIPAddress to <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign the value of currentRange.EndIPAddress to <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign the value of ManagedByValue of the currentRange to the <i>Param_ManagedByValue</i>
parameter.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign the value of the ManagedByEntityValue of the currentRange to the <i>Param_ManagedByEntityValue</i>
parameter.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Assign the value of the AddressSpaceRecordId of the currentRange to the <i>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</i>
parameter.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>