<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.80 CustomField</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The CustomField complex type specifies a single custom
field.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;CustomField&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;BuiltInCustomFieldNumber&quot; type=&quot;ipam:BuiltInCustomField&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Name&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Origin&quot; type=&quot;ipam:CustomFieldOrigin&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Type&quot; type=&quot;ipam:CustomFieldType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Values&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ArrayOfCustomFieldValue&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>BuiltInCustomFieldNumber</b>: Specifies a unique
and fixed identifier for a <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_919531d5-10dd-47b6-aacc-7195c0294372">built-in
custom field</a>. If the Origin is CustomFieldOrigin.External, the value of
this MUST be ignored.</p>

<p><b>Name</b>: Specifies the name of the custom field.
This MUST be at least 2 characters and MUST NOT exceed 255 characters.</p>

<p><b>Origin</b>: Specifies the origin of the custom
field – whether it is built-in or user-defined. If it is built-in (such as
CustomFieldOrigin.Builtin), the BuiltInCustomFieldNumber MUST be specified and
MUST be a nonzero value.</p>

<p><b>RecordId</b>: Specifies the unique identifier for
the data in the IPAM data store.</p>

<p><b>Type</b>: Specifies the type of the custom field –
whether it is multivalued or free-form.</p>

<p><b>Values</b>: If the custom field is a multivalued
custom field, this specifies the list of possible custom field values.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>