<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.182 DnsResourceRecord</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The DnsResourceRecord complex type SHOULD<a id="Appendix_A_Target_17"></a><a href="3b257e05-6300-4286-a090-0f9949d290bf.md#Appendix_A_17" aria-label="Product behavior note 17">&lt;17&gt;</a> specify the properties of a DNS
resource record. This consists of the properties common to all types of DNS
resource record types.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;DnsResourceRecord&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:BaseIpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AccessScopeId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Address&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;sysnet:IPAddress&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AllowUpdate&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;AssociatedIPAddressId&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsInheritedAccessScope&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Name&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordClass&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordData&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DnsResourceRecordData&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;RecordType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:DnsResourceRecordType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SetAging&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;TTL&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ser:duration&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Timestamp&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:dateTime&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ZoneName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ZoneRecordId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:long&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ZoneType&quot; type=&quot;ipam:ZoneLookupType&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>AccessScopeId: </b> This corresponds to the access
scope entry in the data store to which this DNS resource record belongs.</p>

<p><b>Address: </b> The IPv4 or IPv6 address in the DNS
resource record.</p>

<p><b>AllowUpdate: </b> Specifies whether dynamic update
is allowed on the DNS resource record.</p>

<p><b>AssociatedIPAddressId: </b> This corresponds to
the record id of the IP address to which this DNS resource record is
associated.</p>

<p><b>IsInheritedAccessScope: </b> A Boolean that
indicates whether this resource record has inherited its access scope from its
DNS zone's access scope.</p>

<p><b>Name: </b> The name of the DNS resource record.</p>

<p><b>RecordClass: </b> This contains standard mnemonic
text indicating the class of the resource record.</p>

<p><b>RecordData: </b> This is of type
DnsResourceRecordData. It contains the DNS resource record data.</p>

<p><b>RecordId: </b>Specifies the unique identifier for
the data in the IPAM data store.</p>

<p><b>RecordType: </b>This is of type <b>DnsResourceRecordType.</b>
It specifies the type of the DNS resource record.</p>

<p><b>SetAging: </b>Signifies whether aging is enabled
on the resource record.</p>

<p><b>TTL: </b>This indicates the length of time used by
other DNS servers to determine how long to cache information for a record
before expiring and discarding it.</p>

<p><b>TimeStamp: </b>The time when the DNS resource
record was created.</p>

<p><b>ZoneName: </b>The name of the DNS zone to which
DNS resource record belongs.</p>

<p><b>ZoneRecordId: </b>The record Id corresponding to
the DNS zone to which DNS resource record belongs.</p>

<p><b>ZoneType: </b>The type of the DNS zone to which
DNS resource record belongs.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>