<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.399 SubTaskInstance</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>The SubTaskInstance allows extended attributes on an
ipam:IpamObject and ipam:INotifyPropertyChanged. These are used to break a <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_740b149e-e6b4-49f5-bc16-e03ff41def7f">task</a> at a granular level so
that they have a one-on-one correspondence with powershell commandlets that are
used to execute them.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;SubTaskInstance&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension base=&quot;ipam:IpamObject&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;FailedCompletionStatus&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam1:IpamException&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsNonDeterministicProgress&quot; type=&quot;xsd:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;ProgressStatusDescriptions&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SubTaskInstanceDetails&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;ipam:IpamObject&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SubTaskInstanceId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:int&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SubTaskName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SubTaskStatus&quot; type=&quot;ipam:SubTaskStatus&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SubTaskUniqueId&quot; type=&quot;xsd:int&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>FailedCompletionStatus</b>: An IpamException type.</p>

<p><b>IsNonDeterministicProgress</b>: It is of type
bool.</p>

<p><b>ProgressStatusDescriptions</b>: A string that
describes the progress of the subtask.</p>

<p><b>SubTaskInstanceDetails</b>: An IpamObject that
identifies the specific object on which the subtask is being performed.</p>

<p><b>SubTaskInstanceId</b>: An int that identifies the
subtask instance.</p>

<p><b>SubTaskName</b>: A string that identifies the
subtask instance.</p>

<p><b>SubTaskStatus</b>: This of enum type
ipam:SubTaskStatus that identifies the current status of the subtask.</p>

<p><b>SubTaskUniqueId</b>: An INT that identifies the
type of subtask being performed; it has a one-on-one correspondence with the
powershell commandlet used.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>