<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.156 ValidateIfUpgradeIsPossible</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is used to update the GPOs that IPAM uses to
provision various infrastructure servers. This procedure takes a list
containing the old state of servers and another list containing the new state
of each of these servers. On the basis of what change has been introduced, the
procedure decides the appropriate GPO of the appropriate domain that needs to
be updated.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;ValidateIfUpgradeIsPossible&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/ValidateIfUpgradeIsPossible&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_ValidateIfUpgradeIsPossible_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/ValidateIfUpgradeIsPossibleResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_ValidateIfUpgradeIsPossible_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt; 
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the
IIpamServer_ValidateIfUpgradeIsPossible_InputMessage request message, the
server performs the following processing steps. Upon successful completion of
the following steps, the server MUST respond with the
IIpamServer_ValidateIfUpgradeIsPossible_OutputMessage message. In the event of
a failure, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP
fault</a> MUST be sent to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Get the current
IPAM data store version and the current OS version and the schema version to
which IPAM can be upgraded to by reading the properties <b>ADM_IPAMSchemaVersion</b>,
<b>ADM_IPAMServerVersion</b> and <b>ADM_IPAMTargetSchemaVersion</b>
respectively.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Assign these to
GetSchemaConversionInfoResponse.configuredVersion,
GetSchemaConversionInfoResponse.installedVersion, GetSchemaConversionInfoResponse.nextVersion
respectively.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If
GetSchemaConversionInfoResponse.configuredVersion is not the same as
GetSchemaConversionInfoResponse.installedVersion, then conversion of IPAM data
schema is required. Otherwise, an appropriate SOAP fault MUST be raised.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each entity
in the IPAM data store, validate if it is possible to upgrade from the current
version to the next version (as calculated in step 1). If some validations
failed and if the upgrade is possible after applying the default fix for those
validations, then
ValidateIfUpgradeIsPossibleResponse.ValidateIfUpgradeIsPossibleResult is set to
FALSE and the rules that failed are returned in
ValidateIfUpgradeIsPossibleResponse.rules.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>