<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.1.2.4 ResetCurrentIPRangeMapping</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure performs two activities. First, it
recalculates the IsOverlapping of the ranges that are already overlapping with
the specified range. IsOverlapping is set to FALSE for those ranges if the
specified range is the only range they overlap with; or, they are set to TRUE
if there are other ranges outside of the specified range with which they
overlap. Second, it resets the <b>ParentIPRangeRecordId</b> to 0 of the IP
address instances in the <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> that currently have the
value to be the <b>RecordId</b> of the specified range.</p>

<p>This procedure takes following input parameter:</p>

<p><b>Param_range:
</b> The range whose address mapping and associated overlapping ranges have to
be updated.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<p>There are no output parameters for
this procedure. The processing steps are as follows:</p>
</dd></dl>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>The address
family of <i>Param_range</i> determines the simple table within the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>
compound table against which the processing steps are done.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Calculate the
list of ranges that are already overlapping with the <i>Param_range</i> as
given below and recompute their IsOverlapping if they are overlapping with at
least one other range other than <i>Param_range</i>. For this, the following
steps are to be followed.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>The set of overlapping ranges which overlap with <i>Param_range</i> is
calculated as specified below and this is stored in a temporary collection
CurrentOverlappingRanges.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Get the list of
overlapping address ranges with the specified range.StartIPAddress,
range.EndIPAddress, range.AddressSpaceRecordId, and range.ExclusionRanges by
invoking the procedure GetOverlappingRanges of the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>.
This is done by setting the following input parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_StartIPAddress</i> is assigned the value
Param.range.StartIPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_EndIPAddress</i> is assigned the value
Param.range.EndIPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</i> is assigned the value
Param.range.AddressSpaceRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_ExclusionRanges</i> is set to the
Param.range.ExclusionRanges.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Param_RecordIdToExclude</i> is set to Param.range.RecordId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Assign the
Result_OverlappingRows returned to CurrentOverlappingRanges.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> 
</span>For each row in the CurrentOverlappingRanges, calculate the overlapping
ranges similar to the above. If there is another range whose record identifier
is not the same as range.RecordId in the overlapping set of ranges, their
IsOverlapping will be set to true. Otherwise, update the IsOverlapping to FALSE
and UseForUtilization to TRUE as <i>Param_range</i> is the only overlapping
range and it is getting changed and the mapping has to be recomputed.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Reset the
addresses in <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> that are already mapped to the range to
0. This is done by invoking the AdjustIPAddressRangeMapping procedure of <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b>
by passing the following input parameters.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
NULL to <i>Param_rangeId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
Param_range.StartIPAddress to <i>Param_StartIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
Param_range.EndIPAddress to <i>Param_EndIPAddress</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
the ManagedByValue of Param_range to Param_ManagedByValue.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
the ManagedByEntityValue of Param_range to <i>Param_ManagedByEntityValue</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span>Assign
the AddressSpaceRecordId of Param_range to <i>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</i>.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>