<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.1.1.1.13.2.3 GetScopesForServer</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This procedure is used to retrieve all the DHCP scopes that
are mapped to a specific DHCP server.</p>

<p>The following are the input parameters to this procedure:</p>

<p><b>Param_serverId: </b> A 64-bit signed integer
specifying the record identifier of the DHCP server instance for which the
DhcpScope’s data is being requested.</p>

<p><b>Param_addressfamily: </b> This is of type
AddressFamily and it can be either InterNetwork or InterNetworkV6. The value
InterNetwork is used to specify the processing to be done on the IPv4-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing. The value
InterNetworkV6 is used to specify the processing to be done on IPv6-specific
simple tables for any compound table involved during the processing.</p>

<p>The following is the output parameter from this procedure:</p>

<p><b>Result_Scopes: </b> This is a collection of the
DHCP scope information in the form of DhcpScopeV4 or DhcpScopeV6 corresponding
to the <i>Param_addressfamily</i> specified in the input parameter. If the <i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is InterNetwork, the procedure returns a collection of DhcpScopeV4 instances
and if it is InterNetworkV6, the procedure returns a collection of DhcpScopeV6
instances.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Enumerate all
the rows in table of <b>ADM_DhcpScopesTable</b> having DhcpServerRecordId equal
to <i>Param_serverId</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Initialize
Result_Scopes.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the rows are
not found, return NULL. Otherwise initialize Result_Scopes to a collection of
DhcpScopeV4 if the <i>Param_addressfamily</i> is InterNetwork and DhcpScopeV6
if the Param_addressfamily is InterNetworkV6.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>For each row
that has been found, call the GetScopeFromTable procedure of <b>ADM_DhcpScopesTable</b>
passing the following parameters:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> </span></span><b>RecordId</b>
is assigned to <i>Param_id</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> </span></span><i>Param_addressfamily</i>
is assigned to <i>Param_addressfamily</i>.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> </span>Process the
output Result_scope and add it to the collection Result_Scopes.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Return Result_Scopes
as the output of the procedure.</p>

</li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>