<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">3.3.4.32 DeleteRange</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>This operation is used to delete the specified address range
from the IPAM data store.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;wsdl:operation name=&quot;DeleteRange&quot;&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:input wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/DeleteRange&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_DeleteRange_InputMessage&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;wsdl:output wsaw:Action=&quot;http://Microsoft.Windows.Ipam/IIpamServer/DeleteRangeResponse&quot; message=&quot;ipam:IIpamServer_DeleteRange_OutputMessage&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/wsdl:operation&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>Upon receiving the IIpamServer_DeleteRange_InputMessage
request message, the server performs the following processing steps. Upon
successful completion of the steps specified below, the server MUST respond
with the IIpamServer_DeleteRange_OutputMessage message. In the event of a
failure, an appropriate <a href="21b4a631-8f28-420f-822f-c5f879d5046e.md#gt_ec8728a8-1a75-426f-8767-aa1932c7c19f">SOAP
fault</a> MUST be sent to the client as specified in section <a href="a90ad88d-2468-4ac1-bbb9-8f921d15bbc8.md">2.2.2.1</a>.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Get the range
information corresponding to the specified DeleteRange.rangeRecordId by calling
the <b>GetIPRangeFromTable</b> of the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> by passing the <b>Param_id</b>
parameter with <b>DeleteRange.rangeRecordId</b> and the <b>Param_addressfamily</b>
parameter with <b>DeleteRange.addressFamily</b>. Assign the range retrieved in
result to <b>rangeToBeDeleted</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>rangeToBeDeleted</b>
is null, return as appropriate SOAP fault to the client as specified in section
2.2.2.1.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Get the list of
ranges overlapping with the <b>rangeToBeDeleted</b> and store them to
PossibleOverlappingRanges. This is done by following the following steps:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Call the <b>GetOverlappingRanges</b> procedure in ADM_IPRangeTable with
the following input parameters.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>Param_StartIPAddress</b> is assigned the value of
rangeToBeDeleted.StartIPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>Param_EndIPAddress</b> is assigned the value of
rangeToBeDeleted.EndIPAddress.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>Param_ExclusionRanges</b> is assigned the value of
rangeToBeDeleted.ExclusionRanges.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</b> is assigned the value of
rangeToBeDeleted.AddressSpaceRecordId.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>Param_RecordIdToExclude</b> is assigned the value of the
rangeToBeDeleted.RecordId.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span> 
</span>The <b>Result_OverlappingRows</b> having the overlapping ranges are
assigned to PossibleOverlappingRanges.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If <b>DeleteRange.deleteMappedAddresses</b>
is set to true, delete the rows from <b>ADM_IPAddressTable</b> which have the <b>ParentIPRangeRecordId</b>
to be the <b>rangeToBeDeleted.RecordId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Compute the
ManagedByValue for the address range as the value of the custom field in
rangeToBeDeleted.CustomFieldValues which have the record identifier to be <b>ADM_ManagedByCustomFieldId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
ManagedByValue of the address range is MSDHCP, delete the corresponding scope
in the <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b>. To perform this, look up the row in <b>ADM_DHCPScopesTable</b>
that has the record identifier to be the <b>rangeToBeDeleted.ScopeRecordId</b>
and delete the same.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If the
ManagedByValue of the address range is not MSDHCP, delete the address range
from the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Also delete the
corresponding row from <b>ADM_ IPRangeMultivaluedPropertiesTable</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>The deletion of
the range will result in change to the IsOverlapping flag of the set of ranges
which were earlier overlapping with the rangeToBeDeleted. If the
rangeToBeDeleted is already mapped to an IP address block; that is,
rangeToBeDeleted.UserForUtilization is set to TRUE, a new range from the
overlapping set of ranges has to be chosen to be mapped to the corresponding IP
address block. For this, the following steps are performed.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>For each range named <b>overlappingRange</b> in <b>PossibleOverlappingRanges</b>,</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Get the list of
overlapping ranges for <b>overlappingRange</b> by calling the <b>GetOverlappingRanges</b>
procedure of <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b> with the following parameters.</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Pass <b>overlappingRange.StartIPAddress</b>
as <b>Param_StartIPAddress</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Pass <b>overlappingRange.EndAddress</b>
as <b>Param_EndIPAddress</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Pass <b>overlappingRange.AddressSpaceRecordId</b>
as <b>Param_AddressSpaceRecordId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Pass <b>overlappingRange.ExclusionRange</b>
as <b>Param_ExclusionRange</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Pass <b>overlappingRange.RecordId</b>
as <b>Param_RecordIdToExclude</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>If there are
overlapping ranges still present, leave the IsOverlapping flag of <b>overlappingRange</b>
to TRUE. </p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If there are no
overlapping ranges present, set the IsOverlapping flag of <b>overlappingRange</b>
to FALSE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If there are any
ranges still present that have <b>UseForUtilization</b> as TRUE, then leave
UseForUtilization of overlappingRange as FALSE. Else set it to TRUE.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>If either
overlapping flag or UseForUtilization flag of the overlapping range has
changed, then update the <b>ADM_IPRangeTable</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol></li><li><p><span> </span>Delete the access scope
associations related to <b>rangeToBeDeleted</b> by calling <b>DeleteAssociationEntry</b>
of <b>ADM_AccessScopeAssociationTable</b> with following parameters:</p>

<ol><li><p><span> 
</span>Pass <b>rangeToBeDeleted.RecordId</b> as <b>Param_objectId</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span> 
</span>Pass <b>EnumerationObjectType.IPRange</b> as <b>Param_objectType</b>.</p>

</li></ol></li></ol>
 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>