<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>4.4.1 Office 14 516249</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="4.4.1 Office 14 516249"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="[MS-CANARYBLOCK]: Office 14 516249"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="9e072d7b-0c40-4a75-bd9f-37c12bb766a8"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="9e072d7b-0c40-4a75-bd9f-37c12bb766a8"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="[MS-CANARYBLOCK]: Office 14 516249" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">4.4.1 Office 14 516249</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>A series is a set of related data points that are plotted in
a chart. In addition to specifying the data points of the series and the
formatting properties of the data points, a series can also specify a series
name and properties of the data labels and <a href="f6104033-4e55-48ec-9da1-1b5b736b4dec.htm#gt_6c27eb24-fb59-4bc8-8962-9cdac46a748e">legend entries</a> that are
associated with the series.</p>

<p>A series is specified by a sequence of records that conforms
to the SERIESFORMAT rule, as specified by the chart sheet substream <a href="f6104033-4e55-48ec-9da1-1b5b736b4dec.htm#gt_24ddbbb4-b79e-4419-96ec-0fdd229c9ebf">ABNF</a> that contains a
SerToCrt record.</p>

<p>A series can either be of type included or excluded.
Included series are series that are shown in the chart. Excluded series are not
shown in the chart, but exist as series in the file. A series is an excluded
series if one of the following is satisfied:</p>

<ol><li><p><span>    </span>Both of the
following two conditions are satisfied:</p>

</li></ol><ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The <b>colSeriesX</b> field of the Orient record in the chart
sheet substream is greater than zero.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The one-based index of the Series record associated with this
series in the collection of all Series records in the current chart sheet
substream equals the value of the <b>colSeriesX</b> field of the Orient record
in the chart sheet substream.</p>

<p>This case occurs when the chart group type is scatter
and the first row or column of the data sheet is not used as the horizontal
values of the data points. In this case, the series is a placeholder for the
row or column of data in the data sheet that will become an included series on
the chart if the chart group type is changed to a type other than scatter or
bubble.</p>

</li></ul><ol start="2."><li><p><span>    </span>The following
condition is satisfied:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>The
second sequence of records that conforms to the AI rule in the series contains
a BRAI record with the <b>rowCol</b> field (section <a href="a216dd15-2641-4bcb-9f22-a9d5b67a8970.htm">4.2.2</a>) equal to a row or
column that is excluded from the data sheet.</p>

<p>This case occurs when the
series uses data located in a row or column that has been excluded from the
data sheet.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span>    </span>Both of the
following two conditions are satisfied:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>The
chart group type of the series is bar of pie, pie, or pie of pie.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>The
series is not the first series in the chart sheet substream to be on the chart
group and contain in the second sequence of records that conforms to the AI
rule a BRAI record that contains a <b>rowCol</b> field equal to a row or column
that is not excluded from the data sheet. </p>

<p>This case occurs when the
chart group is of type bar of pie, pie, or pie of pie, and the chart sheet
contains multiple series, because these chart group types will only display the
first series of data on the chart.</p>

</li></ul></li></ol><p>All other series are included series.</p>

<p>The following records and rules define the significant parts
of a series:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The Series record specifies the type and size of the data in the
series.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The four sequences of records that conforms to the AI rule
specify a reference to a row or column in a data sheet. The meaning of the row
or column is specified as follows:  </p>

<ol><li><p><span>   
</span>In the first collection, the value of the first <a href="f6104033-4e55-48ec-9da1-1b5b736b4dec.htm#gt_43d1e51e-4f26-493b-b7c9-e84e920d7461">cell</a> in the row or column
specifies the name of the series. The SeriesText record, when in this
collection, specifies a cache of the series name. </p>

</li><li><p><span>   
</span>In the second collection, the row or column, excluding the first cell
and all excluded cells of the data sheet, specifies:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>A set of coordinates along the vertical value axis if the series
is in a bubble or scatter chart group. </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>A set of coordinates along the value axis if the series is in any
other chart group type.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span>   
</span>In the third collection, the row or column, excluding the first cell and
all excluded cells of the data sheet, specifies:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>A set of coordinates along a horizontal value axis if the series
is in a bubble or scatter chart group.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>A set of <a href="f6104033-4e55-48ec-9da1-1b5b736b4dec.htm#gt_7d6acf13-ba4d-4a0a-930e-3eaee465c7f1">category</a>
axis labels that are distributed evenly along the category axis based on their
order in the set or a set of dates along a date axis is in any other chart
group type. </p>

<p>The<b> rowCol</b> field of
the BRAI record in this third collection of records MUST equal the<b> colSeriesX</b>
field of the Orient record in the chart sheet substream.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span>   
</span>In the fourth collection, the row or column, excluding the first cell
and all excluded cells, specifies a set of scalar values used in a bubble chart
group to define the size of the bubbles. The <b>rowCol</b> field of the BRAI
record in this fourth collection of records MUST equal 0x0000 if the chart
group type is not bubble, because these values are not required in the
representation of the series in non-bubble chart group types. </p>

</li></ol></li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The sequence of records that conform to the SS rule specifies the
data point and data label properties for a series or individual data points of
the series. If formatting is not specified for an individual data point, the
data point inherits the formatting of the series. If formatting is not
specified for the series, the series inherits the formatting of the chart group
that contains the series. The <b>yi</b> field of the DataFormat record MUST
specify the zero-based index of the Series record associated with this series
in the collection of all Series records in the chart sheet substream that
contains the series. Refer to the data label overview for an explanation of the
data label and the conditions on this collection of records.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The SerToCrt record specifies the chart group that contains this
series.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The LegendException record specifies a legend entry in the legend
that corresponds to the series. If the LegendException record specifies that
the legend entry has non-default formatting, then the attached label that
follows the LegendException and Begin records specifies the custom formatting
of the legend entry. If the <b>fLabel</b> field of LegendException equals 0,
the attached label MUST NOT exist.</p>

</li></ul>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>