<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">[MS-CANARYBLOCK]: Canary Block: Quality Assurance Document</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 <p>This is a test.</p>

<p><span>This page and associated content may be
updated frequently. We recommend you subscribe to the </span><a href="http://interoperability.blob.core.windows.net/files/MS-CANARYBLOCK/%5bMS-CANARYBLOCK%5d.rss"><span>RSS feed</span></a><span> to receive update notifications.</span></p>

<h2>Published Version</h2>

<table>
 <thead>
 <tr>
 <th>
 <p>Date</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Protocol Revision</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Revision Class</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Downloads</p>
 </th>
 </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>4/25/2008</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>0.2</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Major</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p> </p>
 </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p><span>Click here to download a zip file
of all PDF files for this version.</span></p>

<h2>Previous Versions</h2>

<table>
 <thead>
 <tr>
 <th>
 <p>Date</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Protocol Revision</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Revision Class</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Downloads</p>
 </th>
 </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>4/4/2008</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>0.1</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Major</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p> </p>
 </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<h2>Preview Versions</h2>

<p><a id="PreviewSpecs"></a>From time to time, Microsoft may
publish a preview, or pre-release, version of an Open Specifications technical
document for community review and feedback. To submit feedback for a preview
version of a technical document, please follow any instructions specified for
that document. If no instructions are indicated for the document, please
provide feedback by using the <a href="http://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/category/openspecifications">Open
Specification Forums</a>.</p>

<p>The preview period for a technical document varies.
Additionally, not every technical document will be published for preview.</p>

<p><span>A preview version of this document may be
available </span><a href="https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/gg685446.aspx"><span>here</span></a><span>. After the preview period, the most current version of the document is
available on this page.</span></p>

<p>Intellectual Property
Rights Notice for Open Specifications Documentation</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>Technical Documentation. </b>Microsoft publishes Open
Specifications documentation (“this documentation”) for protocols, file
formats, data portability, computer languages, and standards support. Additionally,
overview documents cover inter-protocol relationships and interactions. </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>Copyrights</b>. This documentation is covered by Microsoft
copyrights. Regardless of any other terms that are contained in the terms of
use for the Microsoft website that hosts this documentation, you can make
copies of it in order to develop implementations of the technologies that are
described in this documentation and can distribute portions of it in your
implementations that use these technologies or in your documentation as
necessary to properly document the implementation. You can also distribute in
your implementation, with or without modification, any schemas, IDLs, or code
samples that are included in the documentation. This permission also applies to
any documents that are referenced in the Open Specifications documentation. </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>No Trade Secrets</b>. Microsoft does not claim any trade
secret rights in this documentation. </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>Patents</b>. Microsoft has patents that might cover your
implementations of the technologies described in the Open Specifications
documentation. Neither this notice nor Microsoft's delivery of this
documentation grants any licenses under those patents or any other Microsoft
patents. However, a given Open Specifications document might be covered by the
Microsoft <a href="http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=214445">Open
Specifications Promise</a> or the <a href="http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=214448">Microsoft Community
Promise</a>. If you would prefer a written license, or if the technologies
described in this documentation are not covered by the Open Specifications
Promise or Community Promise, as applicable, patent licenses are available by
contacting <a href="mailto:iplg@microsoft.com">iplg@microsoft.com</a>. </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>License Programs</b>. To see all of the protocols in scope
under a specific license program and the associated patents, visit the <a href="https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/openspecifications/dn750984">Patent Map</a>.
</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>Trademarks</b>. The names of companies and products contained
in this documentation might be covered by trademarks or similar intellectual
property rights. This notice does not grant any licenses under those rights.
For a list of Microsoft trademarks, visit <a href="http://www.microsoft.com/trademarks">www.microsoft.com/trademarks</a>. </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>Fictitious Names</b>. The example companies, organizations,
products, domain names, email addresses, logos, people, places, and events that
are depicted in this documentation are fictitious. No association with any real
company, organization, product, domain name, email address, logo, person,
place, or event is intended or should be inferred.</p>

</li></ul><p><b>Reservation of Rights</b>. All other
rights are reserved, and this notice does not grant any rights other than as
specifically described above, whether by implication, estoppel, or otherwise. </p>

<p><b>Tools</b>.
The Open Specifications documentation does not require the use of Microsoft
programming tools or programming environments in order for you to develop an implementation.
If you have access to Microsoft programming tools and environments, you are
free to take advantage of them. Certain Open Specifications documents are
intended for use in conjunction with publicly available standards
specifications and network programming art and, as such, assume that the reader
either is familiar with the aforementioned material or has immediate access to
it.</p>

<p><b>Support.</b>
For questions and support, please contact <a href="mailto:dochelp@microsoft.com">dochelp@microsoft.com</a>.
</p>

<p><b>Preliminary Documentation.</b>
This particular Open Specifications document provides documentation for past
and current releases and/or for the pre-release version of this technology.
This document provides final documentation for past and current releases and
preliminary documentation, as applicable and specifically noted in this
document, for the pre-release version. Microsoft will release final
documentation in connection with the commercial release of the updated or new
version of this technology. Because this documentation might change between the
pre-release version and the final version of this technology, there are risks
in relying on this preliminary documentation. To the extent that you incur
additional development obligations or any other costs as a result of relying on
this preliminary documentation, you do so at your own risk.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>