<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">4.4.12 Office 14 - 523225</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 

<p>Before calling the stored procedure <b>sso_InsertCredentialTicket</b>
(section <a href="a216dd15-2641-4bcb-9f22-a9d5b67a8970.md">4.2.2</a>), the
protocol client generates a <b>Random Ticket</b> (section 4.2.2) to pass in as
input. The protocol client MUST then perform the following steps to generate a <b>Final
SSO Ticket</b> (section 4.2.2) which can be utilized by the protocol client at
a later stage when calling <b>sso_RetrieveMyCredentials</b> (section 4.2.2):</p>

<ol><li><p><span> </span>Generate a
temporary session key used for encryption by performing the following steps:</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Generate a
cryptographically secure random salt of 16 bytes.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Create a <b>Ticket
Encryption Session Key Seed</b> (section 4.2.2) using the salt obtained in step
a in conjunction with the master secret.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Hash the <b>Ticket
Encryption Session Key Seed</b> (section 4.2.2) using the SHA algorithm. This
will yield a 20 byte hash value.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Form a 64-byte
buffer by repeating the constant 0x36 64 times. XOR the result of step c into
the first 20 bytes of this buffer, and compute a SHA hash of the resulting
64-byte buffer.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Form another
64-byte buffer by repeating the constant 0x5C 64 times. XOR the result of step
c into the first 20 bytes of this buffer, and compute a SHA hash of the
resulting 64-byte buffer.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Concatenate the
result of step d with the first 12 bytes of step e, to form a 32-byte (256-bit)
key.<a id="_Ref192003791"></a></p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Create a <b>Random
Ticket</b> (section 4.2.2).<a id="_Ref192003860"></a></p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Create an <b>Unencrypted
Ticket</b> (section 4.2.2) using the <b>Random Ticket</b> (section 4.2.2)
obtained in step 2.<a id="_Ref192003870"></a></p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Generate a <b>Salted
Encrypted Ticket</b> (section 4.2.2) from the <b>Unencrypted Ticket</b>
(section 4.2.2) obtained in step 3 using 256 bit AES] encryption and the key
generated in step 1.</p>

</li><li><p><span> </span>Generate a <b>Final
SSO Ticket</b> (section 4.2.2) from the <b>Salted Encrypted Ticket</b> (section
<a href="Section_428b541dcc834f8f9bbe96799ed90cce">2.2.2</a>) obtained in step
4.</p>

</li></ol><p>Upon execution of the stored procedure, the protocol client
MUST call <b>sso_InsertAudit</b> (section 4.2.2) with <i>@ActionType</i> equal
to 24 and @<i>ActionResultCode </i>equal to the implementation-specific result
value.</p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>