<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>1.1 Glossary</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="1.1 Glossary"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="[MS-CANARYBLOCK]: Glossary"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="f6104033-4e55-48ec-9da1-1b5b736b4dec"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="f6104033-4e55-48ec-9da1-1b5b736b4dec"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="[MS-CANARYBLOCK]: Glossary" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">1.1 Glossary</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>This document uses the following terms:</p>

<p><a id="gt_ba472b15-c5d2-44f4-99dd-7fb9c5ceee66"><b>101 Progress Report</b>: A
response that indicates the progress of a SIP request.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_d9c398c0-9009-4dc6-9340-36423671182b"><b>200 OK</b>: A response to
indicate that the request has succeeded.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_f6843283-03bd-4e0c-8b71-19428a8b8575"><b>202 Accepted</b>: A response
that indicates that a request was accepted for processing.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_a57a147f-1dc4-4cdf-932c-ea9a4be9ef0f"><b>absolute URI</b>: An absolute
Uniform Resource Identifier (URI), as described in </a><a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90453">[RFC3986]</a>.</p>

<p><a id="gt_b178b6c0-7df9-4107-95ca-12c7f0b9900b"><b>action</b>: (1) A discrete
operation that is executed on an incoming Message object when all conditions in
the same rule are TRUE. A rule contains one or more actions.</a></p>

<dl>
<dd>
<p>(2) A command exposed by a
service which takes one or more input or output arguments and which may have a
return value. For more information, see <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=166166">[UPNPARCH1.1]</a>
sections 2 and 3.</p>
</dd>
<dd>
<p>(3) A remote procedure call from
the control point to a particular service on the device.</p>
</dd>
<dd>
<p>(4) An OLAP object, such as a
cube, dimension, and cell, that has an action associated with it, so that a
user can perform that action when browsing OLAP data. For example, a user can
jump to a URL, execute a command, or drill through to data.</p>
</dd></dl>





<p><a id="gt_4a9218ba-0ee1-4ae9-ab68-52bd66eb4c9f"><b>application server</b>: A
computer that provides infrastructure and services for applications that are
hosted on a server farm.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_24ddbbb4-b79e-4419-96ec-0fdd229c9ebf"><b>Augmented Backus-Naur Form
(ABNF)</b>: A modified version of Backus-Naur Form (BNF), commonly used by
Internet specifications. ABNF notation balances compactness and simplicity with
reasonable representational power. ABNF differs from standard BNF in its
definitions and uses of naming rules, repetition, alternatives,
order-independence, and value ranges. For more information, see </a><a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=123096">[RFC5234]</a>.</p>

<p><a id="gt_63989f3f-3d78-40e9-ad8c-bd6f122b8afb"><b>callee</b>: An endpoint to
which a call is initiated by a caller.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_7d6acf13-ba4d-4a0a-930e-3eaee465c7f1"><b>category</b>: A subdivision
of items into useful groups such as geographical regions. For example,
categories that represent geographical regions could be North, South, East, and
West. </a></p>

<p><a id="gt_43d1e51e-4f26-493b-b7c9-e84e920d7461"><b>cell</b>: A box that is
formed by the intersection of a row and a column in a worksheet or a table. A
cell can contain numbers, strings, and formulas, and various formats can be
applied to that data.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_4e6de273-4b78-4c0c-b812-69f4c8616510"><b>component birth date</b>: An
integer that is associated with a full-text index component. It defines the
order in which the components were created in a full-text index catalog.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_3c89d16f-a826-4166-96ab-bf13e65b1a40"><b>control</b>: A graphical user
interface object that users interact with when working with applications,
forms, documents, webpages, and other types of files.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_57833f30-88a2-4ab4-a07c-db88b9246f44"><b>document identifier</b>: An
integer that uniquely identifies a crawled item. </a></p>

<p><a id="gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd"><b>domain controller (DC)</b>:
The service, running on a server, that implements Active Directory, or the
server hosting this service. The service hosts the data store for objects and
interoperates with other </a><a href="f6104033-4e55-48ec-9da1-1b5b736b4dec.htm#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DCs</a>
to ensure that a local change to an object replicates correctly across all <a href="f6104033-4e55-48ec-9da1-1b5b736b4dec.htm#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DCs</a>. When Active Directory
is operating as Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS), the <a href="f6104033-4e55-48ec-9da1-1b5b736b4dec.htm#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DC</a> contains full NC replicas
of the configuration naming context (config NC), schema naming context (schema
NC), and one of the domain NCs in its forest. If the AD DS <a href="f6104033-4e55-48ec-9da1-1b5b736b4dec.htm#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DC</a> is a global catalog
server (GC server), it contains partial NC replicas of the remaining domain NCs
in its forest. For more information, see <mshelp:link keywords="953d700a-57cb-4cf7-b0c3-a64f34581cc9" tabindex="0">[MS-AUTHSOD]</mshelp:link>
section 1.1.1.5.2 and <mshelp:link keywords="d2435927-0999-4c62-8c6d-13ba31a52e1a" tabindex="0">[MS-ADTS]</mshelp:link>.
When Active Directory is operating as Active Directory Lightweight Directory
Services (AD LDS), several AD LDS <a href="f6104033-4e55-48ec-9da1-1b5b736b4dec.htm#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DCs</a> can run on one server.
When Active Directory is operating as AD DS, only one AD DS <a href="f6104033-4e55-48ec-9da1-1b5b736b4dec.htm#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DC</a> can run on one server.
However, several AD LDS <a href="f6104033-4e55-48ec-9da1-1b5b736b4dec.htm#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DCs</a>
can coexist with one AD DS <a href="f6104033-4e55-48ec-9da1-1b5b736b4dec.htm#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DC</a>
on one server. The AD LDS <a href="f6104033-4e55-48ec-9da1-1b5b736b4dec.htm#gt_76a05049-3531-4abd-aec8-30e19954b4bd">DC</a>
contains full NC replicas of the config NC and the schema NC in its forest. The
domain controller is the server side of Authentication Protocol Domain Support <mshelp:link keywords="dd444344-fd7e-430e-b313-7e95ab9c338e" tabindex="0">[MS-APDS]</mshelp:link>.</p>

<p><a id="gt_6b53b132-5b85-4d98-9bc2-44413d48adcb"><b>Entity</b>: A type of
DataClass that represents a type of business data object that is stored in a
line-of-business (LOB) system and whose instances have a persistent
EntityInstanceId.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_c7858bfa-d4d2-48a7-ac9c-d2e90fbe3590"><b>form</b>: A structured
document with controls and spaces that are reserved for entering and displaying
information. Forms can contain special coding for actions such as submitting
and querying data. </a></p>

<p><a id="gt_b55e5277-85be-4e84-9b9b-9b2fd48ef4a7"><b>form definition (.xsf) file</b>:
An XML file with an .xsf file name extension. The file contains information
about the files and components that are used within a form, including user
interface customizations, </a><a href="f6104033-4e55-48ec-9da1-1b5b736b4dec.htm#gt_bd0ce6f9-c350-4900-827e-951265294067">XML
schemas</a>, views, business logic, events, and deployment settings.</p>

<p><a id="gt_b320841e-18ad-4661-9a11-7bd8afacd45c"><b>form file</b>: An XML file
that contains data that is entered into an InfoPath form by using a web browser
or Microsoft InfoPath.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_edb0720e-f343-40c1-80fc-d140823178dc"><b>form server</b>: A server
that can host XML-based electronic forms and that supports rendering those
forms in a web browser.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_2024af9c-9fcc-4e6d-b34a-14bfe53b62ca"><b>form template</b>: A file or
set of files that defines the data structure, appearance, and behavior of a
form.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_07bd946b-cc1f-4b1c-8dad-855d7a5f26cd"><b>form view</b>: A display
setting that is saved with an InfoPath form template and specifies which
controls and data appear on a form when the form is being filled out.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_45521cd4-b3e0-4639-bfe5-09e62f096dcf"><b>fragment</b>: A component of
a URI that allows for indirect identification of a secondary resource by
reference to a primary resource, as defined in [RFC3986] section 3.5.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_b41cc3a9-1974-4f2b-8944-13f7f3c28303"><b>full-text index component</b>:
A set of files that contain all of the index keys that are extracted from a set
of items.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_842ba808-97e0-4dbb-88b7-d340e049f9c5"><b>identity object</b>: An
entity that is a collection of one or more identity attributes. For example, an
identity object could represent a user's account. An identity object is an
abstraction over physical realizations such as directory objects.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_d4b1b9b3-4b41-4686-aae0-afcd932693da"><b>INVITE</b>: A Session
Initiation Protocol (SIP) method that is used to invite a user or a service to
participate in a session.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_6c27eb24-fb59-4bc8-8962-9cdac46a748e"><b>legend entry</b>: An item in
a chart legend that identifies a single series or </a><a href="f6104033-4e55-48ec-9da1-1b5b736b4dec.htm#gt_7d6acf13-ba4d-4a0a-930e-3eaee465c7f1">category</a>.</p>

<p><a id="gt_8ac6b24b-d936-4a0e-84be-a8c05d399bbd"><b>metadata store</b>: A
database that is stored on a back-end database server and contains all stored
procedures and storage for the </a><a href="f6104033-4e55-48ec-9da1-1b5b736b4dec.htm#gt_af8d1ae5-7903-4155-909c-5b5836d26c8c">MetadataObject</a> types.</p>

<p><a id="gt_af8d1ae5-7903-4155-909c-5b5836d26c8c"><b>MetadataObject</b>: An
abstract data structure that consists of a set of attributes that represent a
LobSystem, LobSystemInstance, DataClass, Entity, Method, MethodInstance,
Parameter, TypeDescriptor, Identifier, FilterDescriptor, Action,
ActionParameter, or Association.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_1672c769-f184-404a-9575-e637fd3a43ed"><b>salt</b>: An additional
random quantity, specified as input to an encryption function that is used to
increase the strength of the encryption.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_88cd4581-b933-4b21-968f-831b4acd681c"><b>SERVICE</b>: A method that is
defined by Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) extensions and is used by an SIP
client to request a service from a server.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_4f67a585-fb00-4166-93e8-cf4abca8226d"><b>session key</b>: A symmetric
key that is derived from a master key and is used to encrypt or authenticate a
specific media stream by using the Secure Real-Time Transport Protocol (SRTP)
and Scale Secure Real-Time Transport Protocol (SSRTP).</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_c539c73e-560a-4ab8-a299-93cb642756a5"><b>system health agent (SHA)</b>:
The client components that make declarations on a specific aspect of the client
health state and generate a statement of health ReportEntry (SoH ReportEntry).</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_740b149e-e6b4-49f5-bc16-e03ff41def7f"><b>task</b>: An act to be
executed by all query servers, and any requisite information for those query
servers to execute that act correctly. </a></p>

<p><a id="gt_433a4fb7-ef84-46b0-ab65-905f5e3a80b1"><b>Uniform Resource Locator
(URL)</b>: A string of characters in a standardized format that identifies a
document or resource on the World Wide Web. The format is as specified in </a><a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90287">[RFC1738]</a>.</p>

<p><a id="gt_a26b58c4-34f6-4760-a235-89e651467da5"><b>web app</b>: See web
application.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_5a824664-0858-4b09-b852-83baf4584efa"><b>Web Services Description
Language (WSDL)</b>: An XML format for describing network services as a set of
endpoints that operate on messages that contain either document-oriented or
procedure-oriented information. The operations and messages are described
abstractly and are bound to a concrete network protocol and message format in
order to define an endpoint. Related concrete endpoints are combined into
abstract endpoints, which describe a network service. WSDL is extensible, which
allows the description of endpoints and their messages regardless of the
message formats or network protocols that are used.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_bd0ce6f9-c350-4900-827e-951265294067"><b>XML schema</b>: A description
of a type of XML document that is typically expressed in terms of constraints
on the structure and content of documents of that type, in addition to the
basic syntax constraints that are imposed by XML itself. An XML schema provides
a view of a document type at a relatively high level of abstraction.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_e7bdbc86-a7e4-4962-af23-67de95179400"><b>XSL Transformation (XSLT)</b>:
A declarative, XML-based language that is used to present or transform XML
data. It is designed for use as part of the Extensible Stylesheet Language
(XSL).</a></p>

<p><b>MAY,
SHOULD, MUST, SHOULD NOT, MUST NOT:</b> These terms (in all caps) are used as
defined in <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90317">[RFC2119]</a>.
All statements of optional behavior use either MAY, SHOULD, or SHOULD NOT.</p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>