<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
 <body>
 <div id="header">
 <h1 class="heading">Word, Excel, and PowerPoint Standards Support</h1>
 </div>
 <div id="mainSection">
 <div id="mainBody">
 <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
 <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
 <p>This documentation contains detailed technical documents for
the Open Document Format (ODF) and Open XML (ECMA-376 and ISO/IEC-29500) file formats
implemented in Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.</p>

<p><b>Note </b>The inter-document links in a PDF
version of a technical document are functional only if all the cross-referenced
documents are saved to the same local directory folder. An error message
appears if you click a link that references a PDF document that is not located
in the same folder (when viewing via your local hard drive) or is part of a
different download (when viewing online). To save a complete set of PDF files
to the same folder, download the <a href="http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=330025">Word,
Excel, and PowerPoint Standards Support .zip file</a>. This is a large file and
can take a few minutes to download.</p>

<table>
 <thead>
 <tr>
 <th>
 <p><a id="CC_00000001000200010000111122223333"></a>Specification</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Description</p>
 </th>
 </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p><mshelp:link keywords="31f152d6-2a5d-4b50-a867-9dbc6d01aa43" tabindex="0">[MS-CUSTOMUI]:
 Custom UI XML Markup Specification</mshelp:link></p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Specifies the Custom UI XML Markup used to implement
 UI customization in the context of ECMA-376 Office Open XML File Formats
 [ECMA-376].</p>
 <p><a href="http://interoperability.blob.core.windows.net/files/MS-CUSTOMUI/%5bMS-CUSTOMUI%5d.pdf">Click
 here to view this version of the [MS-CUSTOMUI] PDF.</a></p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p><mshelp:link keywords="06cff208-c6e1-4db7-bb68-665135e5f0de" tabindex="0">[MS-ODRAWXML]:
 Office Drawing Extensions to Office Open XML Structure</mshelp:link></p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Specifies extensions to the DrawingML OOXML File
 Format Structure, which is used in WordprocessingML, SpreadsheetML and
 PresentationML documents.</p>
 <p><a href="http://interoperability.blob.core.windows.net/files/MS-ODRAWXML/%5bMS-ODRAWXML%5d.pdf">Click
 here to view this version of the [MS-ODRAWXML] PDF.</a></p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p><mshelp:link keywords="a2cd741a-4cca-4b1a-ade4-b2c443972afa" tabindex="0">[MS-OWEXML]:
 Office Web Extensibility Extensions to Office Open XML Structure
 Specification</mshelp:link></p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Specifies the Office Web Extensibility Extensions to
 Office Open XML File Format, which shows the elements and attributes that
 extend the XML vocabulary for representing Office Web Extensions.</p>
 <p><a href="http://interoperability.blob.core.windows.net/files/MS-OWEXML/%5bMS-OWEXML%5d.pdf">Click
 here to view this version of the [MS-OWEXML] PDF.</a></p>
 </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<h2>Preview Versions</h2>

<p><a id="PreviewSpecs"></a>From time to time, Microsoft may
publish a preview, or pre-release, version of an Open Specifications technical
document for community review and feedback. To provide feedback for a preview
version of a technical document, please follow the instructions for that
document, if provided. Otherwise, you can provide feedback by using the <a href="http://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/category/openspecifications">Open
Specification Forums</a>.</p>

<p>The preview period for a technical document varies.
Additionally, not every technical document will be published for preview.</p>

<p>After the preview period, the technical document is
published to the appropriate location in the <a href="https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd208104.aspx">Open
Specifications MSDN Library</a>.</p>

<p><a id="CC_00000001000200020000111122223333"></a> </p>

<table>
 <thead>
 <tr>
 <th>
 <p>Specification</p>
 </th>
 <th>
 <p>Description</p>
 </th>
 </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>[MS-CUSTOMUI]:  Custom UI XML Markup Specification</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Specifies the Custom UI XML Markup used to implement
 UI customization in the context of ECMA-376 Office Open XML File Formats
 [ECMA-376].<br>
 <br>
 <a href="http://interoperability.blob.core.windows.net/files/MS-CUSTOMUI/%5bMS-CUSTOMUI%5d-180427.pdf">Click
 here to view the preview version of the [MS-CUSTOMUI] PDF</a>.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>[MS-CUSTOMUI2]:  Custom UI XML Markup Version 2
 Specification</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Specifies the Custom UI XML Markup, which is used to
 implement UI customization in the context of the standards for Microsoft
 Office Open XML file formats as specified in ISO/IEC29500:2012.<br>
 <br>
 <a href="http://interoperability.blob.core.windows.net/files/MS-CUSTOMUI2/%5bMS-CUSTOMUI2%5d-180427.pdf">Click
 here to view the preview version of the [MS-CUSTOMUI2] PDF</a>.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>[MS-DOCX]:  Word Extensions to the Office Open XML
 (.docx) File Format</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Specifies the Word Extensions to the Office Open XML
 File Format, which includes elements and attributes that extend the XML
 vocabulary for representing word processing documents as presented in the
 ISO/IEC-29500 specification.<br>
 <br>
 <a href="http://interoperability.blob.core.windows.net/files/MS-DOCX/%5bMS-DOCX%5d-180427.pdf">Click
 here to view the preview version of the [MS-DOCX] PDF</a>.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>[MS-ODRAWXML]:  Office Drawing Extensions to Office
 Open XML Structure</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Specifies extensions to the DrawingML OOXML File
 Format Structure, which is used in WordprocessingML, SpreadsheetML and
 PresentationML documents.<br>
 <br>
 <a href="http://interoperability.blob.core.windows.net/files/MS-ODRAWXML/%5bMS-ODRAWXML%5d-180427.pdf">Click
 here to view the preview version of the [MS-ODRAWXML] PDF</a>.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>[MS-OFFMACRO2]:  Office Macro-Enabled File Format
 Version 2</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Specifies the structures of macro-enabled
 WordprocessingML, SpreadsheetML, and PresentationML file formats that are
 either not present in or modified from non-macro-enabled WordprocessingML,
 SpreadsheetML, and PresentationML file formats.<br>
 <br>
 <a href="http://interoperability.blob.core.windows.net/files/MS-OFFMACRO2/%5bMS-OFFMACRO2%5d-180427.pdf">Click
 here to view the preview version of the [MS-OFFMACRO2] PDF</a>.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>[MS-OI29500]:  Office Implementation Information for
 ISO/IEC 29500 Standards Support</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Specifies information about how Microsoft Office
 implements ISO/IEC-29500 Office Open XML File Formats [ISO/IEC-29500:2012],
 including areas where additional detail may be of benefit to other
 implementers and areas where the product is known to vary from or extend the
 specification.<br>
 <br>
 <a href="http://interoperability.blob.core.windows.net/files/MS-OI29500/%5bMS-OI29500%5d-180427.pdf">Click
 here to view the preview version of the [MS-OI29500] PDF</a>.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>[MS-OODF2]:  Office Implementation Information for ODF
 1.1 Version 2 Standards Support</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Specifies implementation information about how
 Microsoft Excel 2010, Microsoft PowerPoint 2010, and Microsoft Word 2010
 implement Open Document Format for Office Applications (OpenDocument) v1.1.<br>
 <br>
 <a href="http://interoperability.blob.core.windows.net/files/MS-OODF2/%5bMS-OODF2%5d-180427.pdf">Click
 here to view the preview version of the [MS-OODF2] PDF</a>.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>[MS-OODF3]:  Office Implementation Information for ODF
 1.2 Standards Support</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Specifies information about how Office implements the
 OASIS Open Document Format for Office Applications (OpenDocument) Version 1.2
 [ODF1.2].<br>
 <br>
 <a href="http://interoperability.blob.core.windows.net/files/MS-OODF3/%5bMS-OODF3%5d-180427.pdf">Click
 here to view the preview version of the [MS-OODF3] PDF</a>.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>[MS-OWEXML]:  Office Web Extensibility Extensions to
 Office Open XML Structure Specification</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Specifies the Office Web Extensibility Extensions to
 Office Open XML File Format, which shows the elements and attributes that
 extend the XML vocabulary for representing Office Web Extensions.<br>
 <br>
 <a href="http://interoperability.blob.core.windows.net/files/MS-OWEXML/%5bMS-OWEXML%5d-180427.pdf">Click
 here to view the preview version of the [MS-OWEXML] PDF</a>.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>[MS-PPTX]:  PowerPoint (.pptx) Extensions to the
 Office Open XML File Format</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Specifies elements and attributes that extend the XML
 vocabulary for representing PresentationML documents described in
 ISO/IEC-29500 specification.<br>
 <br>
 <a href="http://interoperability.blob.core.windows.net/files/MS-PPTX/%5bMS-PPTX%5d-180427.pdf">Click
 here to view the preview version of the [MS-PPTX] PDF</a>.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>
 <p>[MS-XLSX]:  Excel (.xlsx) Extensions to the Office
 Open XML SpreadsheetML File Format</p>
 </td>
 <td>
 <p>Specifies the Excel (.xlsx) Extensions to the Office
 Open XML SpreadsheetML File Format, which are extensions to the Office Open
 XML file formats as described in [ISO/IEC-29500-1]. The extensions are
 specified using conventions provided by the Office Open XML file formats as
 described in [ISO/IEC-29500-3].<br>
 <br>
 <a href="http://interoperability.blob.core.windows.net/files/MS-XLSX/%5bMS-XLSX%5d-180608.pdf">Click
 here to view the preview version of the [MS-XLSX] PDF</a>.</p>
 </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>


 </div>
 </div>
 </div>
 </body>
</html>